Hi everyone, so in this video I will share my experience of working in Deloitte. It's been almost a year since I worked in Deloitte. So I will share that experience. And from the back you will get a slight background noise. Please manage that because work is going on at home. tirst I will clear one thing that I haven't thought of anything before making this video.And Because I am thinking of keeping this video as a story Like, I will keep the story of the story in front of me. I will keep the video completely raw.I haven't prepared any script from which I can say whatever I want to say. I hope you enjoy listening to this story. So let's start.So I am going to share an experience of one year in this video of Deloitte.So let's start.So first of all, whenever ve join a company, we have a lot of thoughts in our mind. How much work will have to be done? What will be the work life balance? What tech will be available? So many things are going on in our mind. Will I get such trainings? Will I be able to clear the assessment or not? So many things are going on in our mind. 30 1 answer all the things.I will answer all the questions How do I manage YouTube?
How do I manage brand deals?How do I manage beloitte's work? You get to know everything.I will also tell you how Deloitte works. So let's start. So I joined Deloitte when I joined the joining date.so first of all, there is a welcome tech program in the first two days.So there is a welcome program, it feels good. The company was introduced. The company was told about the company.The importance was made to feel that how big is Deloitte and in which we are joining.How good is the place for you.So this type of thing is told to you in the first two days. So it was okay... I liked the program.But our program was conducted because of Covid. That's why we didn't get anything to eat. So now let's talk about what happened after that. After that, our training was started directly.After two days, our training was started.Everyone is in their respective domain.All the selected kids are in their respective domain.The training was started in the same domain that was written in the previous letter.So I am in SAP. So I was allocated SAP trainings.So first of all, I was given training.It around a month's training.And the training is something like this. You are taught in the beginning.You are given assessments.You are given questions. And some practical type is also given to you.So you have some trainings like that.In which you have classroom training.And some practical things are also given to you.So you can do that.So you have some trainings like that, So the trainings were good.I completed the trainings. After completing the trainings,there is an assessment of a project. I did the project and gave my assessment. And when the trainings are done, after the trainings, generally you have project allocation. And if there are not that many projects available, then they go to the bench period. So is what happened. I went to the bench period for some time. After going to the bench period, I got the project allocation. I didn't have to sit on the bench for a long time.I stayed on the bench for some time. After that, I got the project allocation.Now when the project allocation is done,I would like to tell you 2-3 things.They are not deloitte's respective, but your respective.I met a lot of good people. There are a lot of supportive people in Deloitte..