Alright guys, we got a lot to do today. So let's get moving. One of the cool things about working at Google is that you have access to every one of their offices in the world. Often times I'll see coworkers taking a trip, maybe to New York or to some other country. And they might vacation a week and then work from that office for a week.So that's one of the cooler perks of working for a global company.I might go to Mountain View once every two weeks or so. It's a lot more crowded. They've got more   food, more cafeterias, but they've also got a lot more people and the traffic can be pretty bad getting in and out.Let's check it out. I wanted to show it to you guys.It's time to find some breakfast.Alright, that was good.There's an excellent smoothie place around here. Let's go get some.Alright, this is the game room.DDR? That's great.So since I don't have a desk here, I usually just find one of these empty meeting rooms that I can work out of.I'm going to get a bit of work done here and I'll see you again at lunchtime.Alright, so now I'm on the bicycle.I heard there's a bowling alley somewhere. So I'm going to go check that out and see if I can show it to you guys.So we're on our way to the bowling alley and just taking an easy bike ride.Yeah, honestly, the first few weeks you're here, it feels like Disneyland.There's a lot of fun buildings to visit. It's cool.Here we are.So yeah, they wanted 15 to 20 minutes for a cappuccino, so I'm just going to skip it.There's a cafe around here that is reservation only, so let's check it out.So they weren't open yet, but that's fine. There's another cafe I want to show you, which is bigger.Before we do that, I found a garden. We've got kale, chili peppers, and just a variety of plants here.It's cool to look at.Alright, found another meeting room. Now it's time to get back to work, do a little bit more, and I'll see you next time at lunchtimeI'm going to try to get into lunch now. We're going to head over to Charlie's Cafe, which is pretty terrifying for me to go to because it gets crowded so fast.And it is the largest cafe with many food stations. The food's not that great actually. It's just big, and I thought I would show it to you guys.I normally wouldn't choose to eat there, but since we're going there, I want to get there early.If I get there late, I'm not going to get lunch, and I might starve.Sometimes people ask me, is it better to work at YouTube or Google?And in my opinion, I prefer working at the YouTube campus because it's just far less crowded, and the location is nice too.It's right near San Francisco, so you have access to the city.You know, back there I was trying to get a cappuccino, and they wanted me to wait 15 to 20 minutes for that.Over at YouTube, you can get it very quick.Now, you don't have as much selection of food. YouTube has only three cafes, whereas Google has dozens of them.But how many cafes do you really need? You know, like food's about the same in each one anyway.Most importantly, the traffic is far better over at YouTube.Like here, I had to get in before 8 a.m., and I plan to get out of here before 5 p.m.Because if you don't, you'll be stuck here.Someone's hiking out there.I remember when I first joined the company, I would bike around this area.During my orientation week, we met, we lost, trying to figure out where everything was.Not so complicated.It's lunchtime.
