Intro. Hello guys, welcome to my YouTube channel. Today I am going to share my TCS journey with you. How I spent my 1.2 years, what I did, what happened, what was the best experience, what was the best experience. How was my roller coaster ride, how I spent 2 years, I will tell you, I will share everything. So basically I joined TCS on August 12, 2021. So on August 12, 2021 I joined TCS. This was the first day of my corporate life. After that I did induction for around 2 weeks. My CPAs, PRAs, they are called PRAs, they play around me. So I didn't have any training, I just did my I-Volume courses. After that I got a project call. I had a lot of friends, my college friends, my school friends, many people joined TCS. I had the knowledge, I had the telegram community, I had the help, I had the guidance. So I completed induction there. Around the first week of September, I got a call from the manager. I got a call from my friend, he had a call from RMG. I will tell you later, what you should do, it's fresh.After joining the company, I will tell you later. I made a mistake, you stop it. So first of all I got a call from the manager. He asked for the introduction, what is the base location, what is B-Tech. After that he asked, I asked my seniors what projects I should ask. He said I had full preparation. Later I will tell you that I didn't have any preparation, I don't know. So I asked him what project is it, what technology, I asked him everything. He said it will be a rotational shift and 24x7. When he said it, I thought it was a support project. Because it is a rotational shift, it is a rotational shift. Sometimes it is off on weekends, sometimes it is off on days, it works like this. So I understood. So when I got the call, I said no, I can't do it, it doesn't match with my skillset. That brother got angry, he said how are you doing this and that. He said I will explain to RMG, I said okay. After two days I got a call, I got a call from the other day. How did you do my project, you are fresh here, you don't have to do this. You have to learn, you don't have the industry knowledge, you are learning, you can't refuse. I said my skillset doesn't match, how can I do it. So he said okay, we will look into it. He said like this. The second and third day I got mail that you have to get aligned in the same project. So brother what can I do now, I got mail, I can't do anything now. I didn't have anything, I didn't understand what to do now. What I learned, I said I don't have anything else from there, what can I do now. So I said okay, until the laptop comes, we don't do anything, we chill, okay. After that when the laptop came to me, I don't know, I don't remember the exact day. I got a call in September, the first week of September, I got a call. After that my laptop came, so I got it on the laptop. So I called the same manager who was arguing with me, whatever you say. So I called him again that my laptop has come. So means he said again that I mean again, I mean then I asked a little less. I asked him again what is the skill set, what is the technology. So he said that this is that, okay, he told me again the same thing that he told me first. After that I told him that I can't work. He said why can't I do it, I said I have a medical issue, I can't work in shift. I lied directly. That I can't work, I have medical issues. Anxiety, depression, I can't wake up at night, how can I do this? Make him a fool. Brother as much as his age, as much as his experience, my age brother. How can I make him fool.  Brother, what are you doing, brother, I have to leave the project, brother, support project is done. Brother, I can't leave quickly, okay. So he said that I am isolating you after HR, tell HR. He said like this.
