My Accenture salary after 2 years of experience. Because whenever we join a new company, we are most curious about if we work in a company for 2 years or 4 years, then after that, how much my package will increase or at what level I will be. Because we know that if we switch companies, we get good packages. But the problem is why are you switching so fast? Some people want that if we stay in one company, then how much our salary will grow. Like you can say that you can take top companies like MNC, Amazon, Google. So people compare it to a service-based company. So there is a difference between product-based and service-based. For salary and work pressure. So now let's talk about Accenture. Because when I joined, I did a lot of research, but I didn't get such videos like this. That how much salary will grow every year or how much percent hike will be received. Because everyone wants to hide their salary. I don't know why. The more we earn, the more our status is. So see, when you join Accenture as a fresher, even now, then even if it tells you a package of 4 lakhs or a package of 4.2 lakhs, then in actual, let's talk about Inhand. Because I don't know why. CTC tells you how much is your package. I don't understand that. I just understand how much credit will be in my account. Just tell me that. So the Accenture in your account right now, if you join in 2022, then your Inhand credit will be around 28,189 or 170 rupees. So tell me what is the package of 4 lakhs. Where is the rest of the money that you get on variable? That will be mentioned in your offer letter. If you are a fresher, then 7 to 8 percent. If you are experienced, then it depends on your experience that how much is your salary. Now we will talk about the second topic. Where do you spend more money? So see, you spend 1800 rupees per month on PF. And like you are in Bangalore or Mumbai or Pune, there are some charges of 180 or 200 rupees. I don't know what that is, but they also cut the charges. Apart from that, that's it. Your insurance etc. That's it. So this is your salary. Now some of these people you must have heard that we get 32, we are giving 35. So see, their salary is 28,200. But allowance is given. Everyone knows. Now there are three types of allowances. What are the types? Night shift. Second is on call support. If you apply for a night shift, then you get around 500 rupees per night. And if you are on call support, then you get around 250 or 200 rupees per day. This is the same thing with my company, not with Accenture. This is the same thing with every company. Okay. Some have more money, some have less money. So you get all that together. But it's not like you will have a night shift all the time. It depends on the project. If it's a proper night shift project, then it's okay. Then there is money. If it's not a night shift project, then there is an alternative for someone else for a week.Now people like me. we don't like night shift at all. We don't ask for it. We don't need it in life. We don't wake up at night after 12 o'clock. We sleep. I worked once in Samsung company. I slept at night after 12 o'clock on the table. So night shift is not right for me. So now let's come to the main issue. How much salary is increased? So see, this completely depends.  Person to person. But I always believe that if someone's 100% increased, someone's 80% increased, then I don't consider that.  I consider that which increases the average. So first of all, let's talk about how much will grow in a year. So in a year, Max to Max, which is your CTC, will grow by 8%. Okay. That's it.
