Hey guys welcome back to my new vlog my name in Manish and I hope you all are doing absolutely fine. so in today's video I was getting a lot of messages on Instagram and LinkedIn that please. tell me about your comprehensive rest journey. see in today's video I am going to tell you about my entire res journey from as a fresher to as a product owner. So let's get started. Before starting the video, if you haven't subscribed to my channel then please subscribe to my channel and if you like this video then please share and like this video. Let's start the video. So I am 2015 pass out from durugobin Singh in the Press University Delhi and I did my Okay so this is about 2016. B.Tech in Electronics and Communication. no my office is in Delhi and I am student of the Diversity of Delhi. We went to Trivandrum is the first weekend to explore. Then we went to Kanyakumari, Kochi, L.A. P. and then we saw the Ethrapalli Falls And after that, our I was also good.What we used to do in ILF was that we used to give some modules to us every week. And every time something was being tested. So the ILP was on a self-placed module and no teacher was assigned to teach us. one of our supervisors was there who was a bit of a trouble, so we could ask her. Hut as such, no one used to belp us much. They just set the tests for us. So it was very good. And finally our ILP was also cleared. Some people got LA And LAP used to extend your ILF. that time, we used to think that ILP is extending, how bad it in. And we used to always see that Haris TLP has extended. but trust me, when you reach your career later, you feel that it would have been better if Le had extended. So finally that day comes when we get our TCS location. And as you know, I am from Delhi. And I get my TCs location, TCs Kolkata So first I was really unhappy that everyone got their preferred location. Mostly nos of the people got their preferred location. Or first or second preferred location. But Kolkata was nowhere in preferred Locations. But then got Kolkata- I few friends in the 11 who were either from Kolkata or from Bihar or Jharkhand So they told me that it is not going to be that bad that you are thinking. So I didn't think much. Our ILP got ver We came home. There was a week gap from our joining date. my joining date for res Kolkata was 17th of July 2016. We came home for a week talked to the family. We told then everything. And we booked tickets for Kolkata again. We went to Kolkata.
do I had a tank to find house in Kolkata. I found a house tar myself to live alone. And then the seconit task was to allocate a good project: And yes, I have seen that people who join tcs directly after I have to work in deeelopment project and not work in a support project.