Hey everyone this is Aishwarya and welcome to Beauty with codes.It's been a long time since we compared two companies.Comparison is a bad thing but sometimes it's a good thing.So today we will compare two big companies TCS and IBM.After that if you have both the offers, you will be able to decide whether I should go to TCS or IBM. As always I am not going to say that you should hold this or that. I will keep my points straight.You have so much intelligence that you can decide.So let's decide later.Before that let's see the points.That will help in deciding.So the first point is salary growth.So listen to me, I have kept salary growth first because many people are going to leave the video here.I know why because it matters a lot for most of the crowd.So as far as salary growth is concerned, so I would say that both are similar. Neither of them have much salary growth as compared to other companies. If TCS or IBM or Accenture or Cognizant or Capgemini, there are many companies.If you combine all these, then compared to IBM and TCS, there is not much growth. Salary growth is not that much. There are many types of growth. I am talking about salary growth only. So salary growth is neither in IBM nor in TCS. Neither of them have much. So this is a negative point for both the cases. But it doesn't matter. There are other things that matter. If after that we check the learning curve, then I will say that the learning curve of IBM will always be better. And consider it as a proof or anything. IBM certifications are acceptable everywhere in the world. Everyone knows that IBM certifications have a lot of value. It is a very old company. A lot of things are respected. And the value of IBM certification is not only in India or US or any particular company, but globally. And there is a policy that you have to take a lot of certifications. Which will increase your learning curve even if you don't want to. Though I am not saying that the learning curve is bad in TCS. There is something there too that is very good. But comparing. And if you compare, then it is better in IBM. Learning curve is better in IBM. After that, if we are coming to the third point, then there are on-site opportunities. This also matters a lot. Because obviously, people go on-site and save a lot of money from there. Not by earning, but by saving. So a lot of things happen when you save a lot of money. So that's why people struggle a lot for on-site opportunities. And the best thing about on-site is that you get exposure. You can learn a lot there. There are a lot of things. So if you talk about IBM and TCS, where there is more on-site opportunity, then I will always say in TCS. It is not like that in TCS. You know a lot of people after 5 years, 6 years or 7 years. Who have completed 2-3 years now. They have got on-site opportunity. In fact, I personally know such people  I have a college senior. Just a year senior. I have completed 2 years in my company, Cognizant. And he got up in TCS. He has completed 3 years in TCS.