Hi y'all, welcome or welcome back to my channel. I am Priyanka and I hope you all are doing great. So today in this vlog, I'm going to share a day in my life. And today's day is a little special for me, not special. I don't know how to describe that feeling. So today, after a 3-year walk from home, this is my second day in the office, when I'm going to work for 9 hours in the office. So I'm excited and nervous. Let's see if I can do it or not because 3 years is a long time. It's a comfort zone. But today I'm going to the office and actually the second day is because I went yesterday and I have seen my ID card and seat allocations and today I'm going to shift my complete 9 hours. Before that, I couldn't start the video in the morning because I have made lunch so quickly and I will try to add some clips in the video. So I have made lunch and I have also had breakfast. Let's pack lunch now and let's go to our cab. I packed my lunch and I was all set to leave for office. I took my lunch and then I went to the cab. Today I was shifting from 12 to 9. So for 12 to 9 shifts, my cab generally comes around 10.30 and it was already 10.25 so I left home early. So there is a common point from where you pick up the cab, which is 250 meters for me, right next to it. So I walked quickly and started moving towards my cab. So I boarded the cab and it was a five-seater and I had to pick up two more members so I walked back and sat back. I put my bag next to it and enjoyed the journey. Enjoying was nothing, it was hell lot of a traffic. This is one thing for which I was very worried that the traffic was going to get very bad and it is so we went ahead with the traffic irritation and went towards office. After spending literally one and a half hours in cab, I finally reached office exactly at 12. And this is the Baagmani Constellation Business Park and the first building is the Acula, Amazon's Acula building. And this is where my workspace is but Amazon has a lot of other buildings like the Taurus, but that is a little bit on the back side and our team sits in this building. So this is where I bought and the entrance is very nice, it is very greenery and the structure actually reminds me of Kempagoda International Airport, which is not the structure of our Bangalore airport. That is what reminds me of this building structure. But anyway, let's go inside. This is the reception. In the reception, we already see Amazon's logo and this says Day 1 I love Amazon. This is also a new logo and there is a coffee machine but I was getting very late. It was already 12 and I quickly wanted to go to my floor. So I came in the 8th floor. We sit in the 8th floor and this is the pantry. We have this pantry but I will come later to show you guys. First, I have to go and reach my desk. I was very late so I was going towards my desk. So I quickly kept my bag and rushed towards the meeting room. It was almost 2 o'clock by the time we finished our meeting. We quickly went up in the cafeteria. This is our cafeteria to grab our lunch. We were very hungry so we thought we will have lunch and then we will continue our work. So we came here. I heated my food and then we sat and had lunch with our entire team. so after lunch we came back to our desk and this is our bay like this is this whole floor is where our team sits. Some people are sitting in front and some people are sitting behind and there are not everyone in the office right now so it looks a bit empty. But this floor is where my team sits and after this I sat down to finish my work because I had a lot of work to complete. So I started working and tried to finish as much as I could. So while working it was almost 5 30 and I thought let's take a coffee break let's explore the floor and the first thing that caught my interest the very first day I came here was this desk. I really liked this desk. You can convert this into a standing desk which I really found very good and useful because you get body pains and you can't always sit and work. You can convert it into a standing desk and you can also work standing which I really found cool. I really liked this so this is how it goes up and then if you press the switch there then you can convert it to a sitting desk. So the very first day I made some really good friends in office which is very important because if you don't get good friends good company then it's a bit sad. It's not sad, it's boring. You feel where you are but it is not so. I really made some good friends and this view is from our base. It is very nice and this yeah this is pretty much it and let's explore more on this floor. As we take left from the lift this is the north wing. As soon as we entered there is this pantry. As I was coming, I showed that there is this pantry. This is it. This is a coffee station where you get coffee, milk, tea and also soup and there is this refrigerator as well. You can keep your food here in case you want to keep your food cold. So you can keep it here and there is also a microwave in case you want to heat your food. You can also do that. So this is it. There are cups as well. You can use them and this is the pantry of north wing. We will also go towards the south wing and explore there as well. So this is the south wing and south wing may we have this vending machine where you can pay and take something of your choice whatever is there in the display of course. You have to pay and then you have to put in the code like product code written here. So you have to first pay and then you know hit the product code and then the product that you want will come down and you can collect it. There is also another coffee machine in this pantry. This is a south wings pantry. There is also a coffee machine here and you can grab coffee from here as well. So after exploring the pantry and with the coffee in my hand, we went ahead and started looking for the aesthetic corners of this floor.so after exploring the eighth floor, we were all set to explore the games room which is in the fourth floor and we also thought that we will go to the ground floor to check the amenities that we have in the business book. So so after exploring a bit, I came back to my desk and started working. That's all for today. So that's all for today's video. If you like the video, then do like and also subscribe to my channel for more such content and I will see you soon in my next vlog. Till then take care of yourself. Bye.