The first thing I do in the morning is wake up, brush my teeth, comb my hair, and get ready for the day. I get my glasses and my keys, walk downstairs, and get ready to drive to work. It takes me about 35 minutes to drive to work every day. Once I'm on campus, I have to get ready to show my badge and drive on through. I have to take the elevator upstairs and walk to my office. But before I work, I like to stop at this cafe and relax a little bit. It has a lot of exotic drinks, but today I'm grabbing green matcha. Once I finish, I have to give it back to the dishwasher and get ready to start the day. So I'm working on a new project that's due in May. I gotta start coding it up a little bit. I have a meeting with one of my team leads. They want to make sure we're doing our designs right. Afterwards, I get ready for lunch. I always get amazed at how nice this water looks. So here's what I have today. And I always like to eat next to this view outside. I can't forget the cookie. After lunch, I always like to stop by the micro kitchen. It's always nice to have a snack on hand. I'm grabbing a banana.  I gotta make sure I have a drink too. Afterwards, I head back to work and spend the rest of the day coding. I do this for about four more hours and then I try to relax once I'm done. I walk over to some of the massage chairs and I think I'll set it on office both today. Afterwards, I like to play on some video games and take my red Tesla home. It was raining today, so it took me a little bit longer to get home than I usually do. I walk back upstairs and get ready to do the YouTube video I promised myself to do. Hey everyone. As you can tell, I've had a pretty long day at work. If it didn't look like much work, I promise I actually do work. So I know a lot of people talk about how awesome it is to work at companies like Google. But I also want to tell you how I got there. Whether you're a new grad or experienced hire, I hope you'll walk away learning something new. I want to start by saying that Google interviews are freakishly hard. I had like four applications and only one of them made it to the phone screen. That phone screen was back in college when I didn't know how to reverse a linked list. I still kind of struggle with that sometimes. Back in college, I didn't have a single internship on my resume. I just overloaded it with a ton of class projects. And that's okay. It's not important if it's a side project or a professional experience. It's actually more important to show that you know how to code. So I got my first phone screen and I bombed it. And didn't apply again until about two years later. As you can tell, things worked out this time. So here's what my study plan kind of looked like. I did a long list of about 300 lead code questions, practiced most questions on elements of programming interviews, and even worked on some competitive coding questions on CSES.FI. I felt comfortable when I was able to do most medium lead code questions. The most important thing I learned while interviewing was that interviewers care that you can solve the problem and communicate. This was pretty hard for me. Mostly because back in school, I'm so used to solving problems on my final exams and just calling it a day. I mean, how often do you explain your solutions out loud during your finals? Professor, as you can see from this proof, the limit does not exist just like my failures. I had to recognize I needed a lot of practice in this area. My college didn't teach me how to think out loud. So that's definitely something I needed to work on. So it might sound crazy, but one of the strategies I used for my interview prep was just talking out loud. Spit out what the naive solution is, then explain the bottleneck, then talk about how to improve it, and then be able to code it out. It's going to feel a little awkward at first, but after a while, you start to feel a little bit more comfortable. Do that in front of the interviewer and you'll likely get your offer. That's all they're really looking for. I hope this was helpful. I'm going to go make dinner. I tried making some sushi today. It wasn't too bad. And then afterwards, I got to spend the rest of the day working because I didn't do any work today.