Hi friends, welcome back to my channel. My name is Bijay and I hope you guys are doing well. Thank you so much for watching my videos, liking them and if any of you have not subscribed to my channel yet, then do consider as well. So today's video is going to be about if you have recently joined TCS, either you are freshers or you are experienced candidates. So this video is going to be for you guys as I will discuss a lot of things that you should know before joining TCS. These are all things that are 100% verified and some of them are from my experience and some are from my experience when I am not in rcs. But then again I have consulted with other employees as well who are in a very good experience in TCS. So I just validated with them that whether these people have made any changes in their policies or not. But then they have confirmed that. So these are all policy based things and some plus points of TCS. I will discuss all of them with you guys. So let's start the video. First of all, if you are freshers, if you have just started from college and you have just joined or are about. One thing you should remember is that after one week of joining, there is an IRA test called Initial Readiness Assessment Bonus Test. This is basically for bonus. So you have joined and after one week of joining, there will be an IRA test. If you score 80 plus marks in this test, then you will get 60,000 joining bonus. 60,000 joining bonus is a very good amount for freshers. And if you score 55 plus marks in this test, then you will get 40,000 joining bonus. And if you are below 55, then you will not get any joining bonus. So please take this exam seriously and score well so that you can get a good joining bonus. Second, if you are freshers, you can estimate your work-life balance for a few years.
For a few years, it will be very good because it does not give much pressure immediately. You will have ample time to get used to corporate world. You will get a chance to learn about the process. It does not give you much pressure. And this is the best thing in big MNCS. Because you have the time you need. You get a little more pressure than that. If someone asks you to get everything done in six months and you want to get into production, then you can ask for nine months. You can take it for nine months or even a year. So again, work-life balance is very important. Third, you will get location preference. Location preference is a little bit of a contradicted statement. Some of you will say that this was the location in my offer letter.. But you put me here, changed the time to get me joined and put me in a different. So this depends on the business requirement, city. This change happens but you can at least drop mail and ask for your preference location. Many people get it. Or they will ask you to join here for a year and then relocate. Such scenarios are also made. So again, where you have this scope, you can ask. You can say that change me. Although the percentage is less, but there are many cases where the location changes. So definitely I wrote this as a point that you can get location preference. And again, the second point is just like any other company, take any service based company that is functioning in India. You have joined freshers and you have trained. So if you do not get projects immediately, and this is very common, there is nothing to worry about. So after training, you have to go to the bench. And that too in TCS, it is very normal. It is not necessary that you have a project ready immediately. At first people think that I went to the bench, what will happen now, what will not happen, but there is nothing to worry about. There is no problem in this. So understand one thing that if you go to the bench, then no issues with your salary. You will get the same salary and there is no problem in the job. But then if you are in the bench, then stay in touch with RMG and then try to get a project as soon as possible. Because it will be good for your career.
Again, what is very important is that if you have left TCS, then you cannot join TCS again. Again, this is a very hidden policy.
