Hello all and welcome to my channel. So this video is all about what all are the benefits which you can avail at Accenture fter you join the organization. So let's take a quick look. So the first thing you can do is the internet reimbursement. So since we are working remote and internet cost up to 1000 rupees can be reimbursed every month however you need to take care that the internet connection should be in your name that is the employee's name and a valid bill for the same must also be there. So once you have all of it you can submit the bill and get your internet cost reimbursed. To submit the bill you can reach out to your manager and he will help you with the same. The second thing is the work from home assistance reimbursement. So Accenture is providing a work from home reimbursement up to 18k on furniture as well as IT equipments required for your work from home setup. You can claim all the items purchased from December 2020 onwards. So it should be an online transaction and a valid bill with the GST number should be present and the payment also has to be done via any online method. So once you have those things you can reimburse those 18k. One more thing to notify is that this is applicable only for those who are going to join until August 2021. Only those members can reimburse the work from home assistance reimbursement. The third thing which is the vaccination time off and the cost reimbursement. So the day you plan to get vaccinated you can notify your manager and you can avail a paid time off of 4 hours along with that if you are taking vaccination from any private hospital so by providing the bills you can reimburse the cost of vaccination as well. The fourth thing is doctor teleconsultation. So currently we are into a pandemic and it is not possible to visit doctors. In some cases hence in case if you wish to see a doctor you can do it virtually too. You can connect with them both via audio as well as video so Accenture provides that capability so you can avail this as well. Apart from this there are other insurance benefits which can be availed as well. That's all