So guys, it's been a year since I started my first job in Accenture. I was a college student.I share my learnings with you in detail.So things were very new for me. I learned a tool called Power BI.Communication skills and presentation skills. Now I know that most of you must be hearing this for the first time.What is this Agile framework?So if are watching my channel for the first time, I'll tell you thatI joined Accenture strategy as an associate a year ago. Accenture strategy is a consulting firm and it is a non-tech role.So my first year in Accenture was spent working from home.I had to go to office only once a week.We used to go either on Wednesday or on Fridays.But from now on, we'll have to go to office three times a week in September. So that life, that journey, that I'll shift there,I'll definitely share that with you. This was my first job and to be honest, it took me a lot of time to adjust. And I had a lot of problems.I was a college student. I got into my first job.That too in consulting.So things were very new for me. It was obviously difficult to adjust.I didn't even know how corporate works. In the beginning, I forgot to check my email. I used to miss meetings.Sometimes I got very late in meetings.I forgot to check my calendar and I used to miss my meetings. I didn't stay proactive.If I got some work, I used to delay it. 30 I made a lot of mistakes.And my colleagues, because consulting is a management role, they are all MBAS. Maximum my colleagues are MBAs. All of them are my seniors. they have more experience than me. Maybe they have worked in some other company before. So they know all this. 30 these things were more noticeable. That this person is not working so well. I honestly admit that I took a year to adjust. It took a little more time in the transition from college to corporate. But now I feel that after a year, I have learned a lot of things. And with people with more experience than me, working with my seniors,
you learn a lot.You get a lot of experience. And you get to know what you can do in the next two years, now I will share my learnings in detail with you. The first thing to happen is communication skills and presentation skills. The Harman who left college a year ago was very shy. I am still very shy. But that Harman was not able to communicate properly. He was not able to interact with people. But now because I am in consulting, this is a non-tech job, there are a lot of meetings in it. After one meeting, you have to go to the second meeting. Then you have to go to the third meeting. Now you are talking to a lot of people. So think for yourself, after attending how will your communication skills improve? so many meetings in a year, I also gave a presentation on personal branding in my office.So presentation skills from there. And whatever work you do,you have to present that work to your seniors, to your teammates, colleagues.
