This is the story of my first day working from the Google office. But first, I have to do some bookings. I'll tell you where I'm going later. Okay, with that done, it's time to pack my entire life in a suitcase. So, I knew this day was coming. I graduated in 2020 and 3 months before my graduation, Covid came. And I've been working from home ever since. I've switched companies in the middle. I've worked with some amazing people on some amazing projects, virtually. But now it's time to finally go back to the office. Now it's time to move to a new city. And it's overwhelming because I've spent my entire life in this home. I've never lived alone. All my family and friends and everyone that I know is right here. This place hasn't just been a part of my life. This place is my life. And I don't know how I'll be able to fit in a new city with new people and everything new. You know, it feels like that my childhood is over and now I have to be an adult in the real world. But what I do know is it's time to move on to bigger and better things in life. To live the life that I've always dreamt of. It's time to start a new chapter. Let's do this. Thank you for choosing to fly with us and look forward to seeing you again. So after three hours of editing, Netflix and eating, I have finally landed around 2200 kilometers from my home. Let me give you a hint. This is the city of tech, startups and traffic. Mostly traffic. I am in Bangalore. Now that I'm here, let me tell you about my first day at the Google office. Hi, can I get my badge for Ashad Ahmed? Looking at the office, my first reaction was that this office is insane. In the Google office, I had a full-fledged gym, playing area, shards, pool table, massage room, massage chairs, collaboration areas, focus rooms, a table with a treadmill, nap rooms, continental restaurant and so much more. After exploring the office, I had some work because I have to work in the office. So I spent some time working on my tasks. In Google, you also get free food and this is not just limited to your lunch or dinner. Every floor has this area called a micro kitchen and it is full of chocolates, biscuits, milk, noodles, soft drinks, fruit juices, raw fruits, dry fruits. Anything that you can and want to snack on is probably here and it's all free. After this, my favorite time is lunch. Google food is really really good plus you have a lot of options from veg to non-veg to North Indian and South Indian to desserts and a lot of drinks and a fully stocked ice cream fridge and a proper cafe. And did I mention that this is all free? Once I was done with food, it was time for my stand-up and this was the first time I did an offline stand-up and it was a little awkward at first but then it was pretty cool otherwise. And then I went back to working at my task. After working for some time, it was time for some snacks. Back to the cafeteria. Now that I was pretty much done with my day, it was time to relax and play. I played table tennis, some cricket and some foosball. And with that done, it was finally time to head back home. So I took the Google cab and came back home. This was pretty much my first day and this is how most of my days look. I shot this video over multiple days and I think it's safe to say that working from the Google office is a really really unique experience. Also sorry for the delay in this video. I was busy with the move and then my laptop broke down and it was a whole mess. And it's not just the office, the pay at these companies is really insane. You can check my video here where I break down Amazon's entire salary structure. It's a lot. Bye bye.