You know Mandar, I have a lot of friends in IT sector and you will be surprised to know that lately they got so many pay hikes. They were switching from one place to another, they were taking 3 offer letters, I felt that they were doing good life and enjoy. Really, even I am seeing among my engineer friends, there was so much digitalization boom last year. The pandemic has accelerated these things and we are seeing that since last year US has done its rate hikes, we are seeing that this sector is de-growing and facing a lot of problems. Yes, I mean of course, the more problems are going on in the US and our maximum business comes from there, IT sector, so it was very common to have an impact on a company like TCS and Infosys. So Asta, after this recent correction in the IT sector, which stock is on your radar? Okay, just because IT sector is so correct, not because of that, but this stock is generally very good and this is TCS. I don't do market timing etc. but I believe that if you are a long term investor, you should be invested. If the company is good, comes from good groups, then why not? Oh hello, this is a market timing taunt, don't taunt me. I am also a long term investor. But TCS being the best bet in the IT sector, I don't agree with this. But why not TCS? TCS holds such a good market share and TCS's return on capital employed is the highest among its competitors. So what will happen if the return on capital employed is good? I mean, I understand that this is an important parameter, but it is still a lagging parameter. That means the performance that has been done in the past, this parameter is based on that. But these things are priced in the stock. See Mandar, this is an important parameter because we know about the company's efficiency. And this also means that in the case of TCS, their capital base is less, but still they are giving more returns. So how is this parameter not important? Yes, yes, okay. But you know where TCS lags? In the growth of profit. If you see their numbers, 5 years and 3 years, revenue and profit, it has been in single digits. And obviously, when the company's base is so big, it is difficult to grow. Look, my bet is on Infosys. Infosys has revenue growth, profit growth, good order pipeline and this company is also futuristic. What does TCS have? Along with all these things, TCS has Tata Group. Mandar, you have your liking for these growth companies. Growth is not just a parameter, there are other parameters like attrition. Why don't you tell the investors what is Infosys' attrition rate? Hello, growth-focused acquisition on me? I mean Infosys' PE ratio is less than TCS. I prefer a cheaper company here and still being accused of being a growth-focused investor. Whatever, why are you changing the topic? Come to the attrition, tell me Infosys' attrition rate. See, what happens with high attrition? New employees come, they have to train, they have to spend. Don't tell me, I'll tell you. Infosys' attrition is 25% where TCS is only 20%. Now let's talk about revenue composition. I feel Infosys leans more towards digital services, AI and big data. TCS gives normal IT services only. I think any competitor will do this job. See Mandar, as they say, even if you do boring work, do boring work well. And the company handles such a big scale of its clients. And clients will also think 100 times before switching that who can handle such a big scale for them. Moreover, if TCS wants to grow, then it grows internally, not like your Infosys that you keep on acquiring. So, is it bad to do acquisitions now? I am saying, what's wrong in doing acquisitions? Mandar, internal growth is more important because it shows the sustainability. Okay, let it go. If I talk about governance, then Tata Group's governance is top notch. As already said, it belongs to Tata Group. Now that Tata Group has said, there should be no need to say anything else. But if I talk about Infosys, then their previous CEO, Vishal Sikkar, since he was CEO, he used to have so many tussles with his company board. What do you have to say about Infosys governance? Why? Before this, your company was learning from past mistakes every week, right? See, all these problems used to happen in the bank. And since the bank has removed the ban, it is improving very well. And who doesn't make mistakes? Only HDFC has to leave the bank. Now that we have talked about Infosys, then this company can't learn from past mistakes. And let me tell you that this episode has been 5 years. Everyone has gotten over it. One second, don't do this roughly. When Narayan Murthy started Infosys, he has made this company with a lot of effort. It is such a big company. It doesn't feel good that such a company is doing governance issues. Enough is enough. We ask our viewers which company they like better. Okay, that's fine. Viewers will tell us in the comments whether my TCS approach wins or Mandar's Infosys approach. And if you want to know which model portfolio these two companies belong to, then please subscribe to our model portfolio and use the coupon code DUSHEHRA to get maximum discounts. If you liked the video, then like it and share it with maximum people. Thank you. But my bet is on TCS. I am going to say ITC. Where do I start? Where do I start? From where you said? I don't know. Growth is nothing. More parameters? Sorry. No, no, no. I never have a conversation with you. I don't know why. What's wrong with making accusations? I'll tell you. Why? Why? I don't know. I was asking why I wasn't saying it. I didn't say it. She is asking why I didn't say it. Why? I am doing a natural video. She is laughing. This is my fault. You didn't break it by saying why? I didn't say anything. I said it earlier. It's okay. As I already said, Tata Group. Now if you say Tata Group, then there is no need to say anything else. Tata.