Hello everybody welcome back to the channel I am Poonam and I know that I have come up with a new video after a very long time.So you can see the title of this video we are going to talk about rewards and benefits which Deloitte is providing or which I got through my fan feed.You didn't allow it. Stay tuned to the video till the end.
Friends first I will talk about joining bonus.This is the first benefit.As soon as you join some people get joining bonus.In my case I didn't get joining bonus but I got joining bonus from a few friends.So this is mentioned in your offer letter.If you didn't get it in the offer letter then you can always ask.Whenever you have a conversation with HR you can ask for joining bonus.I would not talk much about it because I didn't get it but yes you get joining bonus.With the first salary you get joining bonus amount.Next benefit is Wellbeing Subsidy.I have made a video on this which I have ordered in Welbing.I will put the link in the description. o in Welbing Subsidi we got 25000.I don't remember exactly but till May you have to purchase. you have to utilize something worth 25000 to purchase something.But what you can purchase is its list.So whatever falls in it you can buy those things.You can't buy anything else but this is taxable.You first spend and then pay the bill in the system.After that you get remorsement.You get next month's salary or remorsement period.But this amount is taxable.So you can purchase the specified thing in 25000.
Next benefit is Opportunities to go to Deloitte events.Deloitte events like new joinings, AYD program or educational program.They have to do something in the course.So they are very good places.I was in Bangalore so I couldn't go because I was not dependent.Otherwise I would have gone.Next we will talk about monetary prizes.Means you get awards like quarterly or half yearly or yearly awards and recognition programs.So you get some awards here.So here you get monetary prizes.
Means you get extra amount in cash with salary.And you get certificate of course.
So this is good.You can show off on LinkedIn.You can upload your certificates.
I got spot award.New joinings get spot awards.In award cash monetary prizes start from 5000.And it can vary.Means you get in good amount.I think I don't remember.But it can go up.It depends on your position.So I liked the monetary prizes here. hen I got to know in induction program that the amount of monetary prizes is this much.
So I was really so excited.So these are the things which motivate you to do good work.Next benefit that I will talk about is Gifts and Bouchers.So these gifts and vouchers can be from Deloitte company.And it can be that the client for whom you are working.Clients keep getting gifts and vouchers.So it depends on the client. t can be that they give the client or not.So the client for whom I was working. eans the project in which I was working.That client used to give us very nice gifts and vouchers.Means in vouchers, shopping vouchers were available. eans gift voucher was there.So I used it for shopping.Like Amazon Flipkart, Nike.You can use it for anyone.So I got gift voucher for 2500.I put another video on my channel.In which I did unboxing of dry fruits.That also came from my client.So the worth of it will be 3500 or 4000 rupees.Because he was showing the amount in dollar.So these gifts and vouchers you can expect in busy season.Busy season is from January to April.So in this period, you work more than working hours.Means 11-12 hours.So in between, you get gifts and vouchers.In fact, the amount of the well-being subsidy also comes in this time period.These things are paid.So you stay motivated all the time.Next I will talk about.The normal paid time of this is off.The concept of PL and CL is everywhere.This is the cycle of it.So here is an additional thing.Other than the pay time of CL and PL, SL.There is another collective list of holidays.That is it is called collective disconnect.And it starts from 25th December to 1st January.Means from Christmas time period to New York.This whole time is off.This leave is paid.
This is given because the time period before this is also the 2nd busy season.So this is why collective disconnect is given.So that you can refresh yourself.You can do whatever you want.Spend time with whomever you want.This is why it is given.I found this thing unique.And the day I found out, I was super excited, super happy.
That day that all my friends are working.And I am on collective disconnect leave.
Wow.So the next benefit is that is.In April month, there is a 15,000 or amount.  don't remember.But yes, you get this amount extra.In addition to your normal salary.This amount comes.But it has a condition.Like it will not be on notice period.Next thing is that is about annual raise.You must have heard from me that there is a lot of growth in BigPone.That is indeed true.Here the raise is 10 to 15%.Means you can expect minimum.You can expect.Rest depends on the performance. can get even more than this.Yes, 25% or 30% can also be.So imagine.Annual raise is very good here.You have to keep your performance good.You have to be good with everyone.
With your work.With your staff.With your clients.Everyone.So you can expect a good amount of raise.So here the minimum of 10 to 15% is left.So salary growth is good here.In my case, it happened that I didn't know.That I got raise.So unexpectedly I got to know.From my case.So here you get raise.And also here the salary is revised according to market.If in case suppose your salary is less than the same level.Or less than the market.So they themselves do your salary according to market tandards.Which happened to me.So apart from all this, there are many more benefits.Like you can purchase mobile phones.But it is more for official use.Internet bill reimbursement is of 2500.And headsets and electronic equipment.So when you join all that.You can get to know through a website or web page.So these are all things which I wanted to highlight through this video.And literally I feel myself very lucky to have worked with this company.To have worked with this company.So that's it for today's video.I hope you like this video in case you like it.Please hit the like button and subscribe to my channel.I'll see you in another video.Bye.