Hi friends, so today I am going to create a comparative comparison video between and IBM and TCS. Yes, I have worked in both the companies. So let's compare between those two and see that what they provide. So if you get hired in IBM, you get hired in either these three departments, GTS, GBS and ISL. GTS are networking sites, GBS for development and testing and ISL are for research. Similar to IBM, TCS also hire you for the different departments. TCS also have a GBS, TCS Ninja and TCS Digital. So in this way, they hire the people for the different technology or different domain. Like if they hire you for the GBS, then that means that you are in testing or you are in  suppose for TCS Ninja, meaning you might be get a testing, designing or development kind of roles based on your skill, based on your assignment. And TCD are for digital mainly, they mainly impasses for the clouds. So for fresh air, if you get hired, you get hired in these departments and in this way they separate their department for their works. Now comes salary growth, the most important question that how are the salary growth in both the company? Well, well, well, well, well, the salary growth are very bad. Yeah, I mean, most of the people say that, but it totally depend upon your, you, if you work hard, if you perform well, then both of the company paid well also. So it's not that the salary growth are very bad. Yeah, but in generally they don't give a good salary compared to the other companies. Okay. So salary growth in IBM, as say, if you go to the IBM, you will get a band promotion. Band promotion is a time when you get a salary. Okay. Yearly you get a hike of 8, 6 to 12 percent based on the band, higher the band, lower the growth. And in every two to three years, until 7B band you get a promotion. Similar to IBM, PCs also have a similar type of thing. Okay. And every month you get a grading system and based on your grade, you get a hike, 6, 8 and 12. And for the higher band, you will get a lower grade, the lower salary. Yeah. So growth wise, if I compare both that, okay, what are the, which one has better growth? So I think IBM would be, I think my left hand is an IBM, right hand is a STC. So IBM will hold just a little upper hand because I have seen that a person who have worked seven years in both the companies with the same salary. I mean they joined when their salary was 8 like LPA. So while working six or seven years in IBM, the IBMer got increased salary till 19 LPA while the TCS employee increased the salary till 15 LPA. So I don't want to say that this is the only fact, but this is the thing which I had seen from my eyes. Yeah. See, it may differ from the different person. For different person, this thing can be reversed also. But generally IBM give you just a better hike in compared to TCS. So first joining I have explained, second thing I have explained regarding the hike. Third thing, learning curve. So how are the learning curve in both the company? So the learning curve in, again, you might be thinking I am biased, but the learning curve in IBM is slightly better than the TCS. If you have seen a person who have worked in IBM for more than four or five years, you must have seen that, okay, he must have done certain certification compared to the TCS guy. And the certification in IBM are acceptable to all over the world. So if you see many batches, many certifications, you will see that if he is a very experienced guy, if you are a very experienced guy, then your manager will force you to do the certification also. So the learning curve wise, IBM hold just a little better higher hike in compared to TCS. Now the fourth and most important point, the onside opportunity. So first of all, I just want to tell you that onside opportunity in any company totally depend upon the project requirement. If there is a requirement, you can get an onside opportunity from anywhere in the world. But in general perception, if we compare the both, then in this time, the TCS hold upper hand.