So, I joined Google about a year ago. Although my work location is Bangalore, but today I'll show you the new office of Google Gurgoan. So, we have 10 floors in our office. This is the new office of Google.
You can see, we have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, till 10. So, we'll export all the floors today. It's going to be fun.I am Faraz and I work at Google as a Software Engineer. So, in the last year, I realized that Google is the best place to work. Now, why am I saying this? You can see for yourself.So, you think Faraz is sitting, but he is exercising. This is Google's office.We have got a menu card to roam around. Google Gurgoan. We can go anywhere. It's 9.15 pm and we have come to Google's new office in Gurgoan. We had a great breakfast.So, we had breakfast, dosa, idli, there were many options,but we are saving some capacity for lunch.Sanju is with me.Who is Sanju? Sanju is my first mentor. I met Sanju in SAP Labs during my internship in 2020. Currently, he is working at Google as a Technical Program Manager. Today's tour is going to be done by Sanju.We are sitting at 9.15 pm at a very beautiful cafe.You can sit here and work and enjoy your coffee. the food is so approachable, you get hungry in a short time. And the solution is Microkitchens.This area is Microkitchens.It is more approachable than our workplace. Because Google believes that every employee should get food within 100 meters.have a lot of dry fruits and drinks available here. Let's have a chocolate. Arash, your weight is increasing. Eat something healthy. Google believen that you can work at a workstation and work out at the same time. Can you increase the speed? Arash, your weight is increasing.Can you increase the speed? We had breakfast at one of the Italian kitchens.Let me show you the kitchens.This kitchen is called Ponse. Let's take a pause and have a nice lunch.Arash, show us your plate.Today's food is healthy..
is healthy.That plate is mine.Faraz has taken my plate to shoot the video.He is acting to eat healthy.This is what was left.It is good for the whole diet.Today is not a diet.Today is a cheat day.You must know Ajay.Ajay is my best friend.I have given him the responsibility to fit myself.Faraz is not stopping.Last. This is the last.The food was so tasty.I enjoyed the deserts. I think I ate too much sweet.That's why I felt sleepy.I thought I would enjoy a 10-15 minutes nap.I have 30 minutes in the next meeting.I have to attend a meeting.After the meeting, I will take you on a tour.I saw a wall while walking. It is a very beautiful wall. If you know all these addresses,then tell me in the comment section. This one and that one are very famous.After eating so much,I will go to the gym.I have eaten a lot of pizza. I have eaten a lot of ice cream.I have to burn it all.I will take out all the ice cream.What happen, Faraz?have worn a shirt.Otherwise, I would have hit a 100 kg bench press. Faraz is going to wear a t-shirt.Then he will hit a 100 kg bench press.Although we did not do much in the gym, so there is no question of body pain.But there was a massage chair in front of us.So we thought let's try what is going on.These are the nap rooms.Here is the massage chair. Now, Google also has dinner available. But had to reach home.So we thought we will not wait for dinner. So we will have snacks from here.I have shown you the things.When you really work with your team, then you will realize why it is the best place to work.