Welcome everyone.In this video we are going to see it in worth joining IBM or not. Let's the advantages first. There are lot of advantages to join the IBM than other companies to grow yourself. You can get money and permission for higher study if you want and they have contract with IBM in a big brand in the market and has invented many products and it is a big organization There is a lot of opportunity to grow yourself due to high organization you will get every types of technology. In this you can switch yourself in any department. oracle and other big universities you can go there and learn there. For the girls in IBM it is very safe and good place. Here is more than 60% girls are working so you can find good friends and no harassment. For girls there are many policies also provided by the IBM and you can get free cab service if you working in night time. If you have placed in dedicated project not shared one there will be not be much work pressure. But if you are on the shared project the work pressure is little. There are many divisions in IBM One is THM ISL that is India software labs is the best I would say if you got offer from here then you should go. Another is IBM GBS that is global business services just like another IT company like TCS Infosys and last one is GTS somewhat similar to GBS. Generally 181 starting salary is double than Gas starting salary. You can get from home in IRM If you are not feeling good in office they provide this facility for you. For the girls they provide the work from home mainly On top of the CDC there will be an extra there is a bonus however of may be less but still that will be a kind of additional income.Now let's see the disadvantages. IBM has huge workforce. Sometime you may put on bench and feel bad about it or may feel lost in the crowd, IBM is 100% manager based company It runs by people not process. You won't believe but there is practically no HR in the company You will never know who is your HR contact because there is no one. Your first line managers are your HR will be surprised but over 4 lakh manpower enterprise is running with only 800 na professionals globally.
There is 18 months project policy in IDM. It your manager doesn't want you can change the project. Do whatever you want to do. Trust me changing the company is easier than changing the project in IBM. There is a shift called PMR in 18M. This means it's possible that you can get any raise for 3 to 4 years because of PMR and believe me you can't do anything except resignation. In IBM the notice period is 3 months. There are many more pros and cons depend upon the projects. At the end IEM is a good company for both pressures and experience. It is in the place of 38 in the Fortune 500 companies of 2020. If you have any other offer from similar companies like TCB, Infi. Accenture, iGate, etc. then prefer IBM over them and it you get offer from IBM IBL just go for it.