It's been two months since I joined and my work is mostly work from home. Now what is work? It's a topic of our different video. For that, you'll have to wait a little. A few days ago, I got message from a senior that our Managing Director is going to visit the Accenture office and he wants to meet new joiners. So now I was getting the opportunity to take a new experience, to visit the office,to meet new joiners, to meet my colleagues, to meet my team members. So now I won't let this opportunity go. So then we went to our office in Gurugram, Accenture. And let's take you too. Come on. How are you all? So today I am going to Accenture's office for the first time. This is going to be my first day at Accenture office. And I am taking you all with me. Now I am a little casually dressed but I should have been formally dressed. But as you have seen the videos, you must have known that I am shifting to Gurugram. So I am doing flat hunting and all. That's why I have any formal shoes or anything. I mean, it's okay. I have worn it. Okay, so let's go. I'll try to record as much as I can. okay? And I am very excited. Now let's take out our bullet. We will also do moto vlogging Let's go.I am already a little late. Let's go quickly.Come on. So I have put up a map. Okay, it shows around 13 minutes.okay.And...will also get to see Gurugram in the vlog. The area where I am going is called Cyber City. And inside Cyber City, I mean, all the offices are there.So you All the big companies are there. Accenture's office is also there..Accenture has a lot of offices in West Delhi. So we have to go to our management consulting office. okay, if anyone doesn't know, I will tell them that I am working as a management consulting associate And now I am leaving quickly. The weather is very bad today.The weather is very bad today.It so sunny today. What can I say?Half way-There are 2 km from here..As you can see, we have to leave for Cyber City.So we are leaving.And the sun has suddenly disappeared. Okay, so I am just a kilometer away from the Accenture office.I am also going there for the first time.So I have no idea from where, how, what is going to happen. As soon as I reached there, I saw that there are big buildings.So I started looking for the Accenture office.So I started asking everyone where the Accenture office is.I started asking the building number there.Is this Tower C7 Is it here? Where is it?Is this it? I have to ask from somewhere. I have no idea where I am going. So you can see what kind of Brother. Accenture office. Is this it?I have no idea. Is this it? And where should I park?Okay, so this is Tower BNC.



