They say that if you want something with all your heart, the whole universe tries to make you meet it. So after 4 years of rejections, failures and consistent efforts, 1 finally made it. So is the map of Microsoft campus. It's like a complete city. World's largest office. So impressive, such a big screen and I can enter Minecraft. So very good morning everyone, Today is the day. The day I was waiting for ever since I completed my college degree. The 4 years of hard work that I did for the day I wanted to see is today. So excited I used to live close to Microsoft office where you met my landlord. But I never got to see it. But now today is the day. And for lunch. I'm taking Arroz Run Poyo So this is Katie made. Thank you, Katie. Yeah, you're welcome. Are you excited? Yes, very excited. Okay. Have you heard the expression first impression is the last impression? No, I mean, I think that's a really cool expression. I think that there's a lot of truth to it. I grew up hearing an expression that's not as powerful. I think you only get one chance to make a first impression. Or you only have one first impression or something But 1 like that better. That's like a lot more dramatic.. Yeah Now, going to office or a cycle is very, very challenging because it's around 3 to 4 miles. That around to kilometers away from my So I will be very sweaty if I go by my bike. house. So I'm waiting to get my e-bike so that I can go on the cycle too, So that's parking for charging and that's green vehicle. Decause today the car is charging, it's 731 already. do 111 just go for green vehicle parking. And this office was opened in May So I'm one of the first few thousand employees to see it. And these all drinks are for free.So I'm going to have my orange juice. So cafeteria is really nice. There is a special food on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. And for lunch today, we are at the rooftop or you can call it terrace. Oh, you didn't start. Thank you. We are moving desk. So finally, this is my desk. This was not actually my desk. I have to set up my desktop with the display port or display to type C port. I also have to set up my laptop. And this location is surrounded by amazing restaurants. So I just picked up food for Katie. So finally time to do some unboxing. And as you all know, I'm a mobile app developer, Android and ios developer. So Android as well as iPad stuff, both are together. So first of all, we will be unboxing Android because I am an Android developer Pixel 6, which is brand new, that will be used for testing some Android apps. And after that, iPad. So this will be used to deploy or build some 105 apps, which I am very So this is iPad 8th generation. This is also brand new. So and then this is actually iPad 9th generation. Sorry, I mean 9th generation. I don't know about the 9th generation. So iPad 9th generation. And then next our laptop. This is Lenovo Yoga laptop, which is very cool. I was exploring all the features today. So let me show you all. So first of all, it is windows 11 powered Yoga laptop. It is so cool because it's called Yoga 30 it means it can actually bend Also to here to become a tablet. down to here. So basically in my meetings, I can draw as well. So you will think I will be drawing with my hand. No, 1'11 be drawing with a pen. So basically on this side, there's a pen which comes out as well. So with this pen, it has two buttons. One to write and one to erase.. So I think one to erase, one to write, you can switch around. So let's unlock. I need to use keyboard again for password. Unlock. Now I'm going to open OneNote app, which is one of the most used apps here for notes. So let's create a new note.So honestly, it's an amazing experience coding and drawing on this laptop. Laptop is around 14 inch.
