Everyone has heard of HCL company, but only a few people know its full form. And let me tell you a fun fact that some people who are already working in HCL don't even know it, HCL's full form is Hindustan Computers Limited. It was founded in 1976 by a group of 6 engineers which was led by shiv Nadar. Hi everyone! Today I will tell you in this video whether you should join HCL technologies or not. I will talk about some important points like work-life balance, projects, internal politics, hikes and promotions, job security, transportation facilities and skills development. So please watch the video till the end and subscribe. First point is work-life balance.
In this we will talk about work from home first: So we will take two situations in this, one before pandemic and one after pandemic. Before pandemic, if someone had to apply for work from home, then they should have a genuine reason. why they want to apply for work from home,then according to that their request would be approved. But let me tell you that since the pandemic started work from home is running completely. But now according to the situation, as the situation is getting better, and till now, then according to that, a company is following hybrid work culture that it is inviting employees for 1 or 2 days a week, that too in some projects 1 Now let's talk about paid leaves and company holidays. So you will get total 18 paid leaves. which is time if you apply for the whole year. but if you can't do it, then you have two options at the end of the year. Either you reimburse those holidays and your salary will increase or you can carry forward those leaves. And company holidays depend on your project calendar. 1 Means it your project is following Indian calendar, then you will get leaves according to Indian festivals. you will get the off. This is different from paid leaves.So if your project has a calendar of some other country, like USA, Morway, then you will get company holidays according to those countries.Now let's talk about workload. to workload completely depends on your project. Some projects will have more workload and some projects will have less workload. so all these companies have a similar environment. But you can follow a few things to reduce your work stress. What I also follow is that after your shift timing, neither receive any calls nor reply to any email. After that comes shift timing. 30 shift timing will also depend completely on your projects, in which project you will be aligned. Means if you are deployed in your operations or support,then those are 24 x 7 projects. in their projects.

