Hi everyone, so in this video, the company we are going to discuss is called IBM. Now, we will discuss everything about IBM in the associated system engineer position. How are the trainings done, how is the pay package done, what is the salary breakdown, how much is the enhanced salary, how are the hikes done, how are the promotions done, and how is the project allocation done. So, we will discuss everything in one video. Let's start the video. So, first of all, if you are joining TBM as a fresher, then I hope you are joining in the position of associate system engineer. Now, if you are joining IBM, then first of all we will discuss its salary.. So, the salary pay package that is going to remain is 4.5 LPA. Now, what is the breakdown of this 4.5 LPA salary package? Means, how much will be the component? So, see, in this 4.5 LPA, 25,000 rupees is your joining bonus. So, now what is left is your 4.25 LPA. Now, after 4.25 LPA, it may be possible that they include some variable bonus. So, the one-time joining bonus can be removed and some variable component can be here. Sometimes it is given on campus, sometimes it is not given off campus. But it depends. So, something like this works. Otherwise, if I talk about the general salary, then the enhanced salary that you will get on the associate system engineer, that is 31,000 to 32,000 rupees. Means, 31,000 to 37,000 rupees. at the end of every month, 31,000 to 32,000 rupees are coming in your hand. And the rest is deducted in PF etc. Now, does IBM give anything else apart from this? so, yes, apart from this, you can get some allowance, some bonus etc. Like, you can get relocation bonus in some cases. You can get some allowance etc. 50, all that is in the That will not be included in CTC. so, this is your salary breakdown and how much you will get enhanced salary. But, now if our joining comes, then what will be the process after that? We discuss that. Okay? Suppose your joining comes today, then after joining, first of all you have trainings. Now, what will be the trainings? How many periods will be there? There will be trainings of 20 to 45 days. In which there are many fields in which you can be allocated. Now, I want to name some fields. mainframe, Like Java, manual testing, automation testing, SAP, and .NET, big data, cloud. There are many fields in which IBM is working. In this field, you can be allocated in any field. In which your choice will not be asked. Now, if your choice will not be asked, then the doubt that you might have, will be given to you as a location preference. So, IBM always makes you fill the preferred location. In the office, you can fill your top 3 preferred locations in the top category. So, you get one location from those 3 locations. But, sometimes in some cases, the one that you have filled on the first priority, you might not get that, you will get the second one. But, the top 3 that you will fill in the priority, you will get the location from that only. Okay? So, this is the matter of trainings. Now, the trainings that will run for 20 to 45 days, will run for 30 days. So, in between, the assessment tests are How is your performance? taken. Will anyone be taken out based on those tests? No one will be taken out. But, your performance is evaluated. So, it is important to take out. Now, how are the trainings? There are 2-3 types of trainings.. Either you get some course provided, and you are asked to do it yourself. The second training is classroom trainings. our college is, In which the classroom, in which the teacher will come and teach you. And after that, you have to give the assessment. Okay? And the third method is that, they are mixed. There is a classroom and you get the material. They are mixed and trained.