So in this video I am going to tell you what are the pros and cons of working in IBM. I would say there are lots of pros and cons.) And what age of people you should choose if you have multiple offers. So stay tuned with my video till the end.
So I am going to tell you what are the pros and cons. And what kind of age of people you should choose if you have multiple offers.
And if you like my video then please like it. Subscribe my channel and share it with your friends.
So let's move on..
I joined IBM around 4 and a half years ago. So what kind of company in IBM?
I would say it's a very good company. It has a very big history.
Historically it is a very good company which has achieved many achievements.
And currently it is mainly service based company.
I was associated with IBM products. right now they mainly work as a service based company.
But
And now they have focused their business on cloud. So if you are cloud aspirant then IBM has a very good opportunity.
I myself used to work in cloud advisory tools. And I used to go through the tools of all IBM clients.
I used to go through the tools I used to work with. So I don't want to tell you too much about my work. So let's come to work culture.
It is a company of more than 100 years. And it has seen ups and downs.
But one thing they have maintained in their work culture.
If you be working in IBM you will find the difference. If you go from IBM to Cognizant or from IBM to Tech Mahindra. You will find the difference of TM.
Similarly if you go to Tech Mahindra or Cognizant
don't want to take the name of any company. For example if you go to IBM you will find the difference.
IBM's first benefit is its work culture. You won't find anyone screaming at anyone
I know this doesn't happen in other companies too.
But still some companies pressurize their employees,
But IBM has less cases.
I have not seen this in my 5 years of career.
I myself went like a junior resource and became a module lead. So I didn't pressurize anyone. People here think that if you give a good reason.
If you give perfect reason.
Then the manager and team lead here don't understand. So first thing is work culture. culture wise IBM is very good. Second thing is work life balance.
Today is the time of pandemic.
Many companies give work from home. But IBM had this culture from the beginning.
When I joined 4,5 years ago.
One good thing about IBM is that they trust their employees. So it has a good effect. Some employees are here for 10, 15, 20 years.
they want to stay here.
Due to this trust they give less pressure on employees. If you don't have any work. Then they understand.
So work life balance is good in IBM. If I had to go early.
Then I would go to my team lead.
If I couldn't attend a meeting for personal reasons.
Then I would mail them. That's it.
People understand.
That you also have a personal life.
And in week, month, year. You may have some problem.
So they maintain work life balance.
Second reason. Third is your skill.
Benefits of IBM.
According to skill. IBM has a policy.
That have to maintain 40 hours. Meaning learning..
You have complete 40 hours every year.
Other than some mandatory training.
You have to upgrade your skills for 40 hours.
Due to which. You have to maintain it.
So due to this.
When you stay in IBM.
You learn new things also. Anyhow you have to study for 40 hours.
So to utilize 40 hours. Some employees do.
They learn new things also. So this is the third benefit.
That you are never skill wise back graded.
And there is one more thing. As you go to higher rank.
You will have high expectations.
As you go to higher rank. You will be told to complete your certification. 
Do certification.
In which you will be told.
That you have to. Get some new skills.
So this is the third benefit of IBM.
Fourth benefit of IBM.
That they give some awards. 1 got 3-4 awards.
Like when I was new. NodeJS in Neatskill.
It was Neatskill.
And I knew NodeJS. So for that I got an award by adding DeepSkill.
Then when I completed four years. And my project. I had a very good performance.
So first I got DeepSkill a couple of times. Because I worked in NodeJS, AngularJS, AngularJS
Due to Neatskill.
Which was NeatSkill at that time. So since I got some new IBM.
So IBM also gave me an award every quarter.
Every three months.
They gave me some money. Similarly I had a very good performance.
So what I got.
When I completed four years. I got a service excellence award.
So IBM also gives you an award.
This is the fourth benefit of IBM. Fifth benefit I will tell you.
That IBM has flexy timing.
I mean you have.
Like I have seen in Cognizant.
That they have to block from 9 hours.
Due to that they are not working. What they used to do.
Some used to 20%..
Some used to from 12-13 hours.
But they were forced to be in the office.
They didn't have to do anything.
They had to complete 9 hours. But IBM doesn't have this.
Some days we used to work from 12-13 hours.
Some days if we finished our work. 1 could leave in 8-7 hours.
So IBM has policy.If you complete your work.
You can go early.
If you have some work.
You can come late.
There is no clock time of 9 hours. But IBM tells you.
You should be faithful with your company.
Because company is faithful. Company believe in you.
So you should believe in your company also.
So these are some benefits of IBM. These are the reasons why you should join IBM.
Now you.
Due to all these benefits.
Die to these pros.
There are some cons. I mean how you should join IBM.
Now you.
Due to all these There are some cons.
Now what are they? First cons.
IBM is becoming a service based company.
IBM is becoming a service based company. It's a very good company.
It's maintaining its legacy.
It's a 100 years old company.
Everyone wants to join. Everyone wants to join.
The reason is that IBM has less growth in India because there are 5 lakh people in India
So, due to this, IBM gets less growth in comparison to other product based companies.
The thing is that if you go to Freshers since their growth is less and here people switch less so if you go there from Freshers in some cases it is seen that people have been working for so their salary growth is less is the first problem. Second, since it is a big a very old company 10-12 lakhs company and its branch is in almost 180-190 countries of the world so due to this, there is less on-site opportunity in comparison to other companies which have good MNCS but due to the lack of their branch if they take an outside project then there is on-site but in IBM the people who my since my IBM was a self-produced product I never got the opportunity
but my experience is some people go, it is not that they don't go but I would say 10% of people get an on-site opportunity or less than that between 5%-10%