A lot of people were asking me about HCL TechBee program, what is my opinion about this program? Is it a good career option or not? I made my opinion when I heard about this program and read the details. But I was refraining myself a little to make a video on this topic. Because I didn't want any student's decision to be influenced by my video.Because making a career in any field is the most important decision for any person. That's why I connected with many scholars before making this video. I asked them about their experience in HCL TechBee program and what disadvantages they have faced. And mostly everyone's response was positive. That's why I am making this video today. If their feedback was not positive, I would not have made this video. Today I will discuss many things in this video. And what disadvantages students faced in the end. And what is my opinion about this program, should you join or not? I will discuss all those things. So watch this video till the end. And if you like the information, please subscribe to the channel. First, let's talk about what is HCL TechBee program? This is India's first employment program that can get you a job in the IT field only after the 12th century. The training period will be 12 months. And the job offer after the training will be entry-level job in IT services and associate job roles. In this, they will groom your personality along with your technical knowledge to make you job ready. Once the training is over, you will be fully deployed for the job in HCL. And you will have an option to pursue higher education from Bits Pilani MIT University. Which I will recommend you to join the degree program if you do this program. During the training, you will get a stipend of Rs. 10,000 per month. or Sastra University. And the package offer will be between Rs. 1.7 lakhs per annum and Rs. 2.2 lakhs per annum as soon as the job starts. This program is available in Noida, Lucknow, Madurai, Chennai, Nagpur, Bangalore, Vijayawada and Hyderabad. It is available in Sri Lanka, Australia, Vietnam and New Zealand. Now let's talk about the fees. If you apply for IT services, your fees will be Rs. 1 lakh plus taxes. After which your starting salary will be Rs. 2.2 lakhs per annum. If you apply for an associate role, your fees will be Rs. 1 lakh plus taxes. Now let's talk about the job roles that you will be offered.You can be offered a post like Software Engineer, Infrastructure Management, Testing, Design Engineer or Digital Process operations. And after job deployment, you will become an employee of HCL.And you will get all the benefits that other employees get. Like medical insurance, family insurance, etc. Now let's talk about eligibility criteria. There are two departments in this. One is IT services and the other is associates. Under this, you will be offered different roles. And in both, the marks that you need in the minimum wealth standard is 60%. And your maths is mandatory for every role, except for the business process. And the marks that you need in different roles in mathematics are. In IT roles, you should be above 60% in mathematics. In enabling IT, you should be between 50-59%. For service dex, you will be fine even if you have passing marks in maths. This is not applicable in the business process because maths is not mandatory. Now let's talk about the selection process.First, you have to register on the official website of HCL TechBee. You will have to fill an application form there.
