After joining Google, I first saw the office of Google Kurgaon and the feeling that I got But my work location in Bangalore. After coming to Bangalore, I told you about the traffic, weather and house hunting Google has 3 offices in Bangalore, but where I work is RMZ Infinity I didn't leave home after eating something, so I had a nice breakfast in the office. But the main thing is still left. Now I have so many options in breakfast, tea, coffee, milkshake, ice cream But it was raining every other day in Bangalore So I started my day with a cup of tea.After having breakfast, 1 go to my workspace Our workspace is open, but if you want to talk to someone, have one-on-one meetings
There are meeting rooms and a calling booth. Google has many teams, and I work in Google Search I don't work alone, I have teammates coming to Bangalore, I met my teammates for the first time. If I didn't have a heavy breakfast, I get hungry To have some snacks and go to the micro kitchen. After discussing the project with my teammates, we take a short break.And brother has made a cricket pitch in the office. We played cricket for a while, there was table tennis and foosball. There were many games, these games are given to refresh you.So that you can keep yourself fresh in the middle of work We get very hungry while playing and go to lunch. All the teams go to lunch together, and our cafeteria is no less than 5 stars. And the food is also amazing Here you get veg and non-veg, both options day there is a different menu. After lunch, my friend tells me to go on an office tour First, we went to the meeting rooms. I thought that these rooms will be normal.But when I went there, I saw so many beautiful rooms.
I felt like I was in a different world My friend asked me if I know any instruments. And I understood that we are going to go there Coming back from the music room, I see bunkers I thought I have seen everything, then Neeraj tells me that better things are coming you are interested in watching movies, you will like this wall 11 you like reading books, there is a cute library.And if you like to see vintage things, there is a very good collection. When I enter this area, I feel like I am in a restaurant. But then Neeraj told me that this is our second kitchen. Although I have never tried food in this kitchen. But we will try it soon And here you get food in a different way And I told you, our health is taken care of. So there is a very good gym with trainers I will also start the gym from next Monday .I was packing everything and leaving from the office. And I feel like I am in a massage chair. The more beautiful this office looks, the better people are here And my work is also interesting. I enjoy working in my office If you like my office, please let me know in the comment section. See you in the next video, bye bye.