Hi everyone. So in this video we are going to talk about IBM company. So we will discuss everything one by one about this company. So let's start. So first of all we will discuss its job profiles. We will talk about its job profiles, its CTC. And after CTC we will talk about its job roles, its domains, its trainings. After that we will talk about hikes, work culture. So we have to cover a lot of things. Let's start in a short way. So first of all if I talk about job profiles, there are two job profiles on which IBM generally hires freshers. One is your associate technical engineer. This is for BCA, BSC graduates. The other is associate system engineer. This is for B, BTEC, MCA. So these are the two job profiles on which IBM generally hires freshers. Now let's discuss further that what is CTC on these job profiles? What is your joining bonus? What is CTC? What is enhanced salary? So let's discuss about that. So first of all if I talk about associate system engineer, then its CTC will lie between 4.5 LPA to 5.5 LPA. Anything can happen between this. Minimum 4.5 LPA and maximum 5.5 LPA. It offers between these according to your college. And if you apply for off-campus then you will get 4.5 generally. So if I talk about your joining bonus, enhanced salary, So in this whole package, first of all you get 25 joining bonus. Means you get 25,000 rupees as joining bonus. How much is enhanced salary? So your enhanced salary is around 30,000. If you get CTC of 4.5, then around 30,000 salary comes in hand. So you will get this salary. If I talk about the other position of associate technical engineer, So you get enhanced salary of 23,000 to 24,000 rupees. So we understood how much is joining bonus and salary. Now let's move forward. So what happens after joining? After joining, a domain is decided for you. There are many service lines, in which a domain is decided. So I will give you some examples. Like there is SAP, Oracle, testing, development side. So these are all different service lines, Which you do not decide which one you will get. According to their project requirement, They will push you in a service line first. Then according to your service line, you get trainings. Now how are the trainings? Things which do not need much training, You can do trainings for 2-3 weeks. And if there are things which need a lot of training, Like SAP, it is a completely new thing. So your trainings can run for 1-2 months. Depending upon their requirement, And how difficult the topic is, And what is the service line, it depends on that. Now some people ask, do you get salary during training period? Yes, you will get salary during training period. It is not like you will lose some salary. So during training period, you have assessments, You have to pass those too. There are live trainings, recorded videos are provided, Study material is also provided, So there are such trainings. Now after doing trainings, we come to the project. Generally, you get support, maintenance, Such projects are more in IBM. So there are support, maintenance projects, Development projects are less. So you get such projects. You can get anything. Whatever is required in this domain, You will get a project. Now let's talk about the main thing, What are the good things in IBM? So the biggest thing in IBM is, Generally, the client pressure is less. So your projects, Your life will not be so hectic. By the way, project to project depends, But still their work-life balance is very good. But it also varies on the project. But in general, Their work-life balance is good. And you don't have any strictly hours Monitoring how many hours you are working. So there is no such system. So that will also give you benefit. Third thing, The people around you are friendly, You get to see a supportive environment. So all that is good. And one more thing, You get sick leaves. Sick leaves are limited in other companies. But in IBM, You get a lot of sick leaves. Or unlimited sick leaves. So this will give you a good benefit in IBM. So if you are sick, You don't have to worry about the leaves. You will get them. And the second thing, Another benefit of IBM is, They give a lot of reimbursement When you go to IBM. So because of static, They give you travel expenses. And maybe in static, They give you expenses. If someone is going to a new location, They give you expenses. So you will get to see some benefits In IBM. Now let's talk about hikes. Generally, IBM's first year Has default hikes. So in the first year, you will get good hikes. After that, it depends on your performance. In comparison to other companies, IBM's hikes are less. But in the first year, If you get a default hike, You can get a good hike in the first year. After that, hikes are less in IBM. So this is all about hikes. And now what's left, I think we have covered everything in this video. We talked about work culture, Hikes, salary, job profile, And trainings. So all the things are covered. Thank you so much for watching this video. And to watch more videos like this, Subscribe to the channel. Thank you.