Hello friends, welcome back to our channel Corporate Kahani Today we are talking about the perks and benefits of joining TCS Those who like this video, please share it with your friends.Before we move ahead in the video, I request you to subscribe to our channel so that we can be motivated to make such videos. Those who need this video, please share it with them.Please follow our Instagram handle and if you have any please share it with us So let's move ahead. When a person is selected in TCS, then relatives and friends start saying that your government job is done. So why do people say this? There is a point in this which makes people say such things. That is job security of TCS ground rules. So let's talk about job security in TCS If you join TCs, then unless you violate any HR rules like then you generally do not get fired from TCS. This job security benefit is in TCS this benefit is not for freshers in TCS Because freshers have to learn a lot of things. So they should not pay much attention to job security. Now who should pay attention to job security? Those people should pay attention to job security whose experience is 8-10 years old Now they want to settle down in life and pay attention to their family, whose children are in their house. If people like that TCS, then they can make a lot of work-life balance So this was the first benefit of job security. After that we come to the second benefit of TCs. The biggest benefit of TCS is that many projects in TCS
you are released from one project, then it will not take much time to take another That is, you will get a new project in 2-3 days If But there are many companies where you are out of one project So it is possible that you do not get another project and you have to resign from there. This is a big benefit of TCS Now we come to the third benefit. That is health insurance of Tcs. Now I would like to talk about TCS health insurance It is very robust. Now I will talk about how it works. The first point is TCS's Domiciliary Plan If you are an employee of TCs and you have some dependents who are added in your insurance. Then they get 6000 rupees every year to claim their medicine expenses That is, the medicine you buy in a doctor's recommended prescription If you claim it, then you will get 6000 rupeen each of the dependents. This is a very big benefit There is another benefit in health insurance which is very important That is, in your hospitalization, you get 2.5 lakh rupees That is, your hospitalization will bear TCS up to 2.5 lakh rupees If it gets consumed, then TCS will spend all 12 lakh rupees on you Now you will say that what will happen if all 12 lakh rupees are consumed Then TCS will give you 50 lakh rupees through its Tata Trust So that your treatment can be complete. So this is the best health care plan of TCS Which helps employees a lot. 