For example, 4K monitors, ergonomic keyboards, mouse, high-end headphones, earphones, professional web cameras, key light rings, USB cables, etc. I have ordered 2 monitors myself, which makes it easy for me to code. You can also order a corporate phone. You have the option to choose between iPhone 12 and Google Pixel. It depends on what you are working on. Whether you are working on iOS or Android. Apart from all these products, you get around US$1,000, which is approximately Rs.75,000. You can order products that improve your productivity. For example, electric standing desks, chairs, airpods, headphones. You can even order a power backup inverter and AC. Internally, Google calls goodies swags. I have already got a lot of swags in my 6-month journey. T-shirts, sweatshirts, jackets, coffee machine, etc. My favorite swag was the Fitbit watch. Google does a lot of events where you keep getting swags. Next perk is one of my favorite ones, food. You get breakfast, lunch and dinner. You will get so many options that you will get confused about what to eat and what not to eat. You will get many types of cuisines in the menu. Continental, Chinese, North Indian, South Indian, many kinds of desserts and many fruits. If you are health conscious, you will get dietary food. You will also get free cafes and tea points where you can order customized drinks. On every floor, you will get a micro kitchen where you will get fruits, juices, soft drinks, noodles and many snacks. Google takes good care of your health. You will get a very good gym in every Google office where you will get proper trainers to guide you and plan your diets. You will get many clubs like Zumba, meditation, yoga. During this lockdown, you will get many online sessions where you can work out. Every Google has a good health insurance that includes your parents, spouse and children. If you choose premium packages, you can include your in-laws. You will also get many industry standard health facilities. If you have watched the internship movie, you must have watched Sleeping Pods where they used to use it whenever the employees needed to rest. I found it very cool and I will definitely try it whenever the office opens. Every Google office has massage rooms where you get points that you can redeem. I haven't used it yet but I am very excited about it. Additionally, if you do a course, you can get a refund depending on the subject. Google has another amazing policy where you can bring your dog to the office. If you have a pet, you don't have to worry about it. You can easily bring your dog to the office. I found this policy very cool. Then we have a care facility which is quite standard in the industry and provides many companies. I hope you got the insight of Google perks from this video and you must have been motivated to join Google India. If you liked this video, please hit that like button and share the video with your friends and family. To see more of such content, please subscribe to my channel. This is Vikas Baghe signing off.