Hey guys, welcome back to the new video. My name is Manisha and I hope you all are doing absolutely fine This question comes to mind a lot of people whenever you quit a job that I did right or wrong In the new job, sometimes you think I made a mistake by quitting this job. Before that, it was the same job So there is a regret that I should not have quit the job So today I am going to talk about this video with my own perspective Many people ask me that do you regret quitting TCS or would you join TCS again if their policy is rehired again. So today I would like to share my experience about this so let's start this video without any delay Before starting the video, if you have not subscribed to this channel, then please subscribe Before sharing, I would also like to say that please give me some suggestions in the comments Like and please my video. What videos should I make? Because I am not thinking to grow my channel because of ICS I want to take this channel to different dimensions. So please, Please tell me what else I can do to grow my channel and give you informative videos and entertain your So let's start the video. Before starting the video, I want to tell you a story. So you will definitely relate to that story There is a person who sells a stone, he has two stones. So the person who sells the stone many sculptors who come to make the idol of the temple so the first stone is scared to see that the sculptor has a lot of equipment that will hurt me So what will happen to me? So he is scared and asks stone owner to please do not give hie Give the second stone, okay, so the second stone says okay, I am ready. So at that time the sculptor comes and buys the second stone and on it whatever you say, they all start hitting There are a lot of sounds, so that stone is crying, it is screaming a lot from pain One of them is that why is this happening to me? the second stone who has refined is laughing that thank God I am saved. He is getting all the pain. After a few months this process goes on and on and after a few months the final result is that The stone on which everyone is hitting is made into a beautiful idol of God And the second stone is in the same shape as it came in. And then they install it in the temple one idol is decorated, worn with garlands, and dressed well In the middle Everyone worships in the temple, everyone says prayers. They become the form of God and the second stone is taken to break the coconut So the coconut breaks, he feels pain, he regrets that I wish I had If I had said yes then I wouldn't be in this condition today. Okay.so try something in your mind What is our with this story? What is the relationship between IT employees or whatever employees we are? I will tell So see, a good time is to leave something So you should leave at that time. If you stay for a long time somewhere Maybe if you feel good, you are in your comfort zone. But it is not necessary that those things are good for you in the long term So something like this happened with me No doubt TCS gave me a lot of opportunities. A good work culture was given. In the beginning when I was new, my project mates were very good I gave learning experience. The cutting edge technologies that were coming in the market at that time Devops, cloud, I got a chance to work a little after my B. Tech. After that I took sabbatical I did not do any MA without any tension Whether it takes a job or not. And look at the fate, at that time covid came and my market recession came No doubt my college was a very good college School of Management 0.1.U There were a lot of opportunities. And I was in placement but I tried But I chose to come back to TCS Because there is a sentiment that I have taken sabbatical So maybe I will join TCS again. Because whatever package I was getting there 9, 10 LPA. It would have been the same comparatively which I would have come. And one advantage was that my experience would have been my account I had 2.5:3 years of experience before sabbatical. And after sabbatical I had 5.5 years experience I was in tcs and I was a fresher in the company. And there was bond of 2 years So that's why I did TCS. After that I got the opportunity to become a product owner. In a project A Sweden project So for all these things I am very thankful for TCS But where did the bad things come The bad things came Whatever we manage See I was a product owner I used to work under developers and testers So I never pressurized them But they used to pressurize me a lot. That why this, why this, why this. And after a while learning also stops. And I always upskill myself. I am not stuck in B.Tech.