Hi friends, thank you for watching my video and subscribing my channel. In today's video I am going to tell you how worthy is working in IBM. Since I am an IBMer and I worked around 4 and a half years in IBM. So in this video I am going to tell you what are the pros and cons of working in IBM. I would say there are lots of pros and cons. So I am going to tell you what are the pros and cons. And what kind of age of people you should choose if you have multiple offers. And what age of people you should choose if you have multiple offers. So stay tuned with my video till the end. And if you like my video, please like it, subscribe to my channel and share it with your friends. So let's move on. I joined IBM around 4 and a half years ago. So what kind of company is IBM? I would say it is a very good company. It has a very big history. Historically it is a very good company which has achieved many achievements. And currently it is mainly a service based company. I was associated with IBM products. But right now they mainly work as a service based company. And now they have focused their business on cloud. So if you are cloud aspirant, then IBM has a very good opportunity. I used to work in cloud advisory tools. In that, all the clients of IBM who worked in my tools, used to go through the same. So anyway, he used to work. He doesn't want to tell much. So let's come to work culture. IBM's work culture is like this. IBM has the best benefits. It is a more than 100 year old company. It has seen ups and downs and everything. That is the work culture. If you will be working in IBM, you will find the difference. If you will go from IBM to Cognizant or other tech companies, you will find the difference of IBM. Similarly, if you are not interested in taking the name of any company in Cognizant, just for example, I have taken the name of XYZ. If you will be working in XYZ, you will find the difference. The first benefit of IBM is the work culture. You will not find anyone shouting at anyone. I know this is not the case in other companies too.