Also, I forgot to tell you guys that this is the 150th video on the channel. videos are completed.. So, do tell me in the comments which was your favorite video. Now, let's move forward towards the video. So, it was a normal day, night time. I opened my laptop to check my mails. And I opened my updates section while checking my mail.
And as soon as I opened the section, there was a message of Microsoft Recruiting. Now, there was a message of Microsoft Recruiting. So, it could only mean that the offer letter has arrived and the location has been found. So, I opened it. There was this message that you can see on the screen. I opened this message and went to the Action Center. And I opened the offer letter there. And I was a little disappointed because I didn't get the location I wanted. I got another location. So, I was feeling a little bad. I checked and then I turned off my laptop and I was late.
Now, enjoy the next video. Microsoft office, Google office, Intuit office, Amazon office, Samsung office, Qualcomm office, Atlassian office, and whichever company you name, there is a 90% chance that their office will be there. They will definitely get an office for some or the other thing. So, that's Silicon Valley. There is a very good location. My friends and seniors were there. So, that was a very good option if I was getting it. The second option, the second location was Hyderabad.
The big techs in Hyderabad, Microsoft office, Google office, Salesforce office,
D-Shop office, Apple office are there. So, you understand that the big techs are there, And many other companies have offices in Hyderabad. And Hyderabad is very famous for biryani. My brother loves biryani. So, Hyderabad was a very good option.
So, the headquarters of Microsoft in India is located in Hyderabad. So, the 70-80s teams that work, function, are from Hyderabad office. So, the third option is Noida.
You must have seen Noida recently. They uploaded a video on LinkedIn. And the office is so beautiful. It's inspired by Taj Mahal. And I was in love with that office. And I was hoping that I get that office. I'll tell you if I get it or not. Before moving forward, there is a message for you guys. You must be applying to many hiring platforms to get a job. But mostly, you don't get any reply. have a solution for this.Before I have a question. Have you heard about the companies that you see on your screen? You must have heard about them. Do you know how much a fresher is paid?
They pay more than 15 lakhs CTC. The important thing is that they are hiring freshers. And you can get hired in a week. I'm not joking. You'll get a link below.
You must register on ReLevel. You must give a ReLevel test. You will get 5 rounds.
After those 5 you'll get a ReLevel score. And the companies will hire you according to that ReLevel score. You have 24 hours to complete those rounds. Another good thing is that with ReLevel, no one cares about your C.G.P.A. Your college, your branch, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if you get a degree. The only thing they care about is your ReLevel score. Another good thing is that you get a 100% fee refund. If you get hired through this test. And its fee is 1,999. If you use my code NISHANT10, you will get 10% off. So you'll get 1799. And don't worry. The dates of the Relevel test are also open. You can register right now. You'll get all the links in the description. You can use my code NISHANT10. Let's move on to the video. The next thing was how the teams were allocated. Or how the locations were allocated.
So we didn't get any preference for the locations. We were told that these are our 12 organizations. Organizations like I told you about. There are organizations of an office. There is an organization of an Azure. There are different organizations. Some are of internal teams. You have heard the name of SharePoint. You must have heard the name of Microsoft Teams. So all these organizations. There are teams under these organizations. And there are many sub-teams in those teams.
