So from childhood I was hearing only one thing Shoe is for Batta and job is for Tata. So today's video is going to be about my journey. From my college days till now what was my TCS journey like. So to know this, stay tuned till the end of this video. So the day I took the first step in college. I met a senior He asked me some questions like which branch I got and from where. So in the end he asked one more question. What is your aim? So I said job in TCS. So that senior said mine too. And with this dream I took the first step in college. And in October 2017 TCS came Means when my 7th semester was going on. And my dream came true Means own campus placement. So as soon as my college got over while waiting for joining My joining came on 23rd November 2017 In TCS there is ILP meaning training. So for training I got the location Gujarat-Gandhinagar. So for the first time I got formal dress. For the first time I got on the flight And my training was for about 3 months and reached Gujarat. So the training period of TCS is a very good time Means the ultimate 3 months of life. So there technical skills, communication skills and professional behaviour. I got a lot of opportunity to learn all these things. And I got technology Java So while being from the electronics branch I didn't understand anything I felt like I will die. So after putting in a lot of effort I started to understand. So we used to get the weekend for the holiday. We used to have a holiday on Saturday and Sunday So we used to go there on training time. And near Gujarat there is Rajasthan. So we went to Jaisalmer, Mount Abu, Somnath, Deo We went to very good places and it was a very good experience. Made very good friends with whom we still talk. So we got accommodation from TCS side which was Vedika Happy Valley. It was a very good place And during the training there were a lot of extra curriculum activities Like marathons, Jumba, Dumps and Rats, fitness events, games. We participated in acting too And the canteen there was also very good So all in all, the training of TCS was very good. So as soon as the training period ended We got the base location, Dilwalu's Delhi So we picked up our luggage and went to Delhi. So as soon as we reached Delhi, the Colani started for the project interviews So within a month I got a project It was a UK based project there were 3 shifts Morning was 7 am to 4 pmThen afternoon was 2 pm to 11 pm And then night shift was 18 pm to 7 am. So these were all shifts 50 by working in different shifts, we became very flexible And there were different benefits and fun of every shift. So in that project we got a lot of experience, And a lot of friends which help each other a lot And we worked in weekdays And we did a lot of outing in the weekends So we collected a lot of memories And we made a lot of mistakes and learned from them. And in TCS, it is very difficult to change projects So I spent 2 years in one project. After that I asked for a release from there And I finally got the release. And this time I changed a project. So this time I got a US based project New project, new colleague, new technology. And my shift fixed here 12.30 pm to 9.30 pm. And I had to work overnight in some situations. So here I got a lot of learning I got a lot of good colleagues. And then 1 got a lock down and work from home started. So work from home was also going very well Because I was getting food from my mother. savings were also going very well So after utilizing more than 3 years. I thought I need a change now growth. For my career as well as financial So I had project learning. And then self preparation and worked on my own. When I felt that I am fully prepared Then I started giving interviews I got a lot of rejections learned a lot from them I worked on my own mistakes gave interviews And never gave up Up and downs will keep You also don't give up coming. And keep giving interviews And sometimes such situations will come. When you will feel that my interview is going well. And it will definitely happen here. But it won't happen there But still you don't have to give up. You have to keep going. And giving interviews So I kept giving interviews. And Finally I got one offer. And I had 4 rounds there 2 technical, 1 MR Meaning managerial and 1 HR. So generally you will have 4 rounds or 3 rounds.If you give interviews And after so much time I got the result of hard work And that night I drank till 2 o'clock I that night I couldn't sleep because of happiness. Because after so much time I got an opportunity Such a opportunity. So happy. Then I resigned. And it was a very mixed feeling. Because first job, first love and first car. Means a lot The most special thing about TCS Job security is very good here. And work life balance will also be good You will feel light and relief here. These are the two biggest advantages here. TCS is a very good company So you will think why did I quit I wanted career growth. I wanted new learning I wanted to learn new technology I wanted to learn new tools. And mainly financial growth Because there is less hike here So because of that I thought I wanted financial growth So I changed TCS for that So there is one more thing about TCS If you leave from here Then you can't rejoin it So when I resigned in TCS From that day my 3 months notice period started So my 31st August was my last working day in TCS So if you have any doubt about TCS or job Then you can ask in the comment section switch Or you can message me on Instagram Or you can search Sumit Singh on LinkedIn So you can see there too You can ask anything there So when I resigned in TCS Or when it was my last working day. I was feeling very strange But what can we do. This is life. So friends let's end the video with this If you liked this video. Then like it, share it. Comment on it.And to watch such good videos. Subscribe to Saffar with Sam. Jai Hind Jai Bharat.