Hi guys, I'm Nishant Chahar. Welcome back to the channel. So, in today's video, we are going to discuss how much do I spend in a month. So, let's not waste too much time because a lot of people will be moving out for work.I currently work as a software engineer at Microsoft.My call is going to be completed in two years. So, you will get an idea of how much actual expenses are there in Hyderabad.. I will tell you a ballpark figure and I am telling you mine as well.And you can reduce it for sure because it depends on your lifestyle.You cut down on a lot of things. So, for this video, we will set a like target of 5000 likes.And let's get started. So, the biggest and the biggest expense when you move out in rent and maintenance.So, there are multiple options which you can choose from. Number one in that you should live in a PG.two is that you should live in a shared flat. Number three is that you are living in a single flat.So. I come under the second category.I am sharing a 3BHK Flat with two other people.So, three people live in a room.And we share all the common things.If you shift to PG, your rent, cleaning Even your food expenses,and electricity can be completed in 10-12K. Because PG's provide you with food. This is for a triple or four sharing, two sharing, three sharing.Triple or four sharing, more than three. Because if you take two sharing or single sharing, that comes out to be.If you are living in a 3BHK flat with someone.So, for me, it comes out to be 16,000. There is no electricity included in this.It's just maintenance plus rent.And we have divided this into total 45K. I have divided it into 16, 15, 14.I have the biggest room.So, this is how it goes. The next thing that comes is that you won't be cleaning yourself.You don't make food.So, the next expense of maid and cook comes.And maid generally takes K. If it 3BHK, then it comes to JK per person.Cook in also similar.If you are getting one time meal cooked, so it will be 1,000 per person. So, Currently, we are getting four to five people to cook.30, it comes out to be 1,000 only.1,000 is sometimen less. It depends on how many people are eating. Sometimes, someone else comes. So, they pay you in full.But we pay around 4K to 5K generally.So, that comes out to be 1,000 per person.These are groceries for dinner because they are made common.Apart from this, sometimes I cook myself also.When I am not going to office for lunch.And on Saturday and Sunday, I am at home.On Sunday, I don't cook.They just come six days a week.So, even on that day. So, this total that comes till now was 18,500.Including maid, rent, maintenance and cook.And cook'a dinner groceries.Then comes my individual groceries.Like peanut butter, whey protein, all these things.Bo, we add whey protein separately.. IL Comes out to be 2,000 per month.Because if you eat one scoop daily, then it comes to this much. So, the total comes out to be 20,500.Next is all groceries.So, they come around 2,000. Like chicken, rice, vegetables, oil.

