So you can order stuff like Google branded Pute with headset, ergonomic keyboard. Hello everyone. So my name is Gaurav and welcome back to my channel where we talk about technology, software engineering and career. So a lot of people have been asking me that what kind of perks do Googlers get here in India and that is what we are going to talk about today. So without wasting any time, let's begin. So folks, I have divided the perks into like four categories. First we have the perks related to productivity, then health, then food, which is a big one. And then at last, we'll have extras. So let's come to productivity first. I'm not sure if you guys are aware of this internal website at Google called stuff where you can order your stuff from. And by stuff, I mean all the productivity related gadgets that you can think of just to give you an idea. So you can order stuff like Google branded Pute with headset, ergonomic keyboard, and professional web camera and a lot of other things. And this is apart from the thousand US dollar allowance that you get in this work from home situation. So if you're joining Google in this work from home situation, you will get this thousand dollars allowance where you can purchase all the productivity gadgets, furniture, whatever you need for you to be productive at your place. If you ask me what did I purchase, you can go and watch the first two videos of the channel. You will get to know. So productivity has some other things like educational reimbursements. I don't have the exact figures as in if you are purchasing some kind of book, there will be some fraction of amount which will be reimbursed by Google. And then you have internet reimbursement, which is actually pretty generous. It's above 3000 rupees per month as in you can reimburse your home internet or your home broadband. So one more thing regarding the stuff website that we have. For most of the things, you don't need manager approval, but for stuff that is relatively like costlier, like monitors, CPUs, workstations, for that you need manager approval, which is not very hard to get. Most of the managers do approve if you do have a business use case. So then let's come to health. So there's one very crucial part of health, which is food, which we will cover in the food section. Apart from that, you have state of the art gym facility in almost every Google office. And specifically here in Bangalore, you have this amazing gym  with almost all the machines and equipment that you can think of. And on top of it, you get professional instructors as well. So in the Bangalore office, we used to have two instructors who will actually guide you individually. They'll make your meal plans. They'll basically cover everything. So you're good in that department. Apart from that, we have a lot of dance and aerobic sessions which are organized on a weekly or on a daily basis. And then last but not the least, we have health insurance. Well, OK, this is pretty pretty generic when we see the other tech companies as well.