Hi everyone, so in this video we are going to discuss about beloitte employee benefits and perks.Basically, we will discuss about all the things you get. First of all, I want to make one thing clear that all the employee benefits in Deloitte are same for irrespective of position, irrespective of domain, all of them are same.There is only one condition that you should be a full-time employee.what should be? Full-time employee.. You should not be an intern. All the full-time employees,
whether you are an associate analyst, analyst trainee, BTA, manager, senior consultant, consultant, whatever you are, your benefits will be same. So now I will discuss, actually there are many benefits but I will discuss only those benefits
which everyone generally uses In any company, there are many benefits. But the general benefits that you will use and most people do, common benefits, I am to first of all, what is the employee benefit.So let's start discussing. So first of all, there is medical insurance. to the medical insurance that you will get, what will you get? You will get a hase cover of 5 lakh rupes. And in that, you will be included. You will be included and your two dependents will also be included Okay? So you will be included and your two dependents will be included in this insurance.This is your one benefit. After that, your second benefit comes. What is your second benefit? Your second benefit is your paid leave,Now what will be your paid leave? You will get 40-45 leaves per year.which are pain.In this, your SL means sick leave is included. PL means privileged leave is also included in this
Okay?So if you take these leaves, you will be paid for that day. It will not happen that you will lose your salary You will be fully paid.So your 40-45 Inaves per year, which is a good amount, are your paid leaves Right? Let me discuss the third benefit. That is your one time reimbursement. Should I call it one-tine reimbursement.So you get one-time reimbursement. or should I call it one-time allowance? In that, you get 15k amount in which you can take your desk, chair, and many other items. Like power bank. You can take these things. Okay? So a whole list will be given. There will be 10-15 items written in it. you can use 15k and pay the bill. Right After this, you get 15k more in hybrid reimbursement. So you will get 15k more in this. So And you will get that amount. So this is your one-time, which will help you set up your home.Right? And with this 15k, you can buy all your laptop accessories. In which you have monitors.Okay?Mouse, keyboard, earphones, and your headset. wireless headset.You can buy all the components related to your laptop.
Webcam.You can buy all that in So 15k amount. this.You will get the same bill.
can buy whatever you want.Then comes your well-being. Its amount is 25k. This is well-being.You get this too.This is related to your health.You can get many things in this. Like you will get earphones in this.You can buy expensive earphones.
Cycles. Shoes. You will get all these things.And you will get many more things. You will get a list of all these things.You will get all the health related things.
Like dumbbells.Right?I mean weights. So all these things.Things related to gym.
Things related to sports. You will get all these things..This is your 25k. 