Hello everyone. So today I am going to spend one whole day into Google's office. This is the first lobby as we enter into Google's office. Here we did our registration as a social guest. And that day Google was celebrating one Heather by the Unite event because of which we could do so many activities. We were really very excited. Because I have heard a lot of stories about their culture and everything. So if you also want to know, keep watching. So as soon as we were done with the registration, we headed towards the breakfast. And there were obviously so many options. But I chose to have one dosa, one paratha and an omelette with some fruits and idli. As you can see, the decoration is really very amazing. Just because for that one day. After the breakfast, we went for the other canteen. So here I had hot chocolate. They decorated it so well. Like they made a little bit of cat face on the hot chocolate. And I really enjoyed that. So this is the floor where actually pews work. Right? So here at the corner, they have their pantry where all the things are there. Like if you want to eat muesli, cornflakes or some kind of teas are there. And in the fridge also you have so many options. So the food is like an abundance. That's what I felt being there. And here they have all the kind of dry fruits, which is actually a healthy option. And I really liked it. And in that shelf, you can find so many packaged food. Like namkeen or some layers. And some chocolates. I don't know what. So many things. So this is really, really interesting place. It's a women's closet kind of. And they have the separate shower places as well. And you can see this is really, really amazing. And one more thing you should know about it. There is a room. This room is a steam room basically. So I don't know if the people use it or not. But yeah, this is really great. And this is a place for fitness lovers. Obviously the gym. So we really had a very amazing time in the gym. If you want to see what all we did there, you should check my Instagram for sure. So this is another canteen. So you can see there are so many canteens in Google. Like I will just say another canteen and another canteen like that. And this pastry, I really loved. Biscoff pastry. And there are so many kind of ingredients which you can actually top your food with. This is all the lunch set up that they have made. So as you can see, all the main course are there. The green vegetables, the lasagna and all the subzis, rotis and whatever you want. I think it was definitely there. I wanted to eat burger. It was not there in the lunch, but somehow I found it in these snacks. So yeah, this is a green salad place. And after that, we had a little bit of art. This guy was making art on the hand and on the face. So this is completely a different building we have moved to. And it also has their own canteen. So total three canteens are there in Google. You can just pick and choose which canteen you want to go. And where you want to have your breakfast, lunch, dinner, whatsoever. So I'll just show you what we all had chosen for us as a lunch options. So we have got so much of food varieties over here. This is veg manchow soup with a little bit of bread. And this is actually green goddess pizza, margherita pizza, garlic bread, some paneer. And this is a veg platter. So I'm going to taste all of these things. And he is a sweet lover, so he got some sweets. So this is baked rasmalai, right? And this is motichor ke motipak. Motipak and baked rasmalai. So I'm eating the lamb chop platter and the prawns platter. It has a lot of vegetables like millet rice. And this has a lot of salad. And also this is saffroni moong and this is my favourite. Other than three main canteens, every floor has their own micro kitchen. So where they keep some fruits, some snacks and some of the things which you can prepare on your own. So Google allows one social visit every month. So maybe I'm going to visit every month and I'm definitely excited for that. But I can't make vlogs every month, right? So you need to watch this video till the end so that you don't miss anything. After the lunch, I attended some of my office meetings, completed my office work and into Google's office at every floor they have some or the other kind of theme. So if you can see this is a Tollywood theme floor where they have kept all the posters of Tollywood heroes and the strain kind of a structure which is looking really awesome. There was one floor which was Rajasthani theme. Like that every floor has their own theme. And as the event was there, they had some live music and cocktails as well. So I'll just show you the next clip. So this brings us to the end of Google's visit and we all really enjoyed the day. Bye everyone.