Hello everyone and I welcome all of you to online study for you. A complete placement solution. Friends wishing everyone a very happy Diwali. So this Diwali should bring a lot of happiness in your life. So friends our topic for today is say no to TCS if you are a fresher. I will tell you all the reason and you are going to know the reason from the ex Tata employee. So friends this is Pratik Sivastava here and I am an ex Tata employee. So I will tell you all the reason why should you say yes to TCS. Okay. So what are the reasons and why should you say no to TCS. So say yes to TCS for the below reason and say no to TCS for the below regions.  So all the reasons I will put it in front of you and then you can decide TCS is a best choice for you or not. But you can definitely say no to TCS if you are a fresher and if you have any other opportunity before that friends. If you have not subscribed to our channel online study for you then do subscribe and click on the like on the bit to sorry information up cool. Okay. So all the information with respect to job notification or the preparation or the interview experiences. So everything we are doing on this channel. Okay now so let us know the reason why you should say yes to TCS. So friends in TCS you will have very less pressure and you will feel like you have joined a family after your graduation or when you are going to join TCS.  Okay. So you'll have very less pressure. So not all the project but there are few projects where you will have little more pressure but almost 95 percent of the projects will not have very high pressure. And you'll always feel like you have joined a family and you will be there in your comfort zone. Okay. And you won't feel like living TCS. So this is one positive sign as well as a negative sign both Okay. So TCS will treat you like a family. Okay. You will not even realize in one year or two years that you are working somewhere with a lot of pressure. So this is the first advantage which because of that you should say yes to TCS. Then second advantage more time to work on Tech government job preparation if you want to try your career in modeling. Okay. If you want to try your career in YouTube etc. So you will be having a lot of time. Okay. Because you have less pressure so you can work on your dreams. So if you have only one dream of working in a IT company then definitely we will talk that you should say no to TCS for the below regions. But as far as your dreams are concerned definitely you should say yes to TCS for the this particular reason. The third one TCS has a brand value. TCS is a reputed MNC. TCS is one of the biggest MNC in the world. Now so what happens you are getting a brand tag. Okay. So you worked in TCS so you have a tag. Okay. Of a brand value. And now if you want to switch to any other companies then definitely you it will help you a lot. So I was working in Tata and then I switched to product based company. Okay. So I switched to product based company and believe me I had got 100 percent hike when I was switching from TCS. Okay. And I got 100 percent hike because the other companies will be giving you a job best on your skills as well as TCS is a brand value. So you are a you know you are working with a brand. So you have also become branded right. See it is similar to when we you know we are agents of Lava Ice or any other Peter England then by wearing that cloth we also get a brand that this person will definitely be a rich person that kind of brand. If you are traveling in BMW or if you are traveling in Audi then definitely the car you are sitting in the car but this car will tell you other people that you also have a class.