First job is very special for any person.The time period after your college is over and before your job starts, you go through a lot of mixed emotions.You get nervous and at the same time excited because you are transitioning from a college going student to an office going employer. At that time, you have a lot of thoughts in your mind that you should follow your passion where you will have to struggle a lot for rack an interview and start working. So Hi everyone, today I will tell you about my last 3 years of SEL journey. And I will share with you everything that I learned in every phase of my journey. And most importantly, I will tell you if I am happy with my job or not.So watch the video till the end and if you like the video, please subscribe to the channel. So let's start with the training period.Training period is a foundation period in which if you get good training, then you have a strong base for a good career. And I consider myself lucky that I got training through a good trainer.Those trainers addressed everyone's doubts very well and also guided what to do in the future career.My training experience was very good. Meaning you will learn a lot in the training period.You will not just grow technically, you also grow as a person.There is a nervousness that whether the assessments will be clear or not, what kind of project will be found, will you be able to achieve. A lot of things were going on in my mind. You meet a lot of people in the training period and learn a lot from them. Some people become very good friends and live lifelong for you. Very good memories are made in the training period. If someone asks me what was the best thing in the job in the last 3 years, then my answer will be that the time I spent in my training. After training, we are deployed in the project. So I will consider myself very lucky that I was deployed in the in-house development project of SCL. Here we get to learn a lot of technology and we implement these technologies in projects with less duration for the Meaning I have worked in 4-5 client projects in the last 3 years.client. And because of this, my skills have grown a lot in the last years. Where most of the people work monotonously in a single project for 3 years, I got so much exposure in the beginning of my career.The first few months of the job are very good.Because you don't have so much workload and no big responsibility is put on you in the beginning.Then you have to own up things slowly. And the more individually you do things without any support, the more you learn.I have worked with so many experienced people who really motivated me to come out of my shell and overcome my nervousness. They taught me a lot.