Hello everyone, so in this video we will talk about the job role of IBM Associate System Engineer. So I will explain things one by one What is this job role and what work can be done by someone. So basically, anything is divided into three things. Suppose you have joined IBM as an Associate System Engineer. So the whole project is divided into three things. First is the functional team, second is the technical team. And third is the basis team The functional team helps you properly in documentation. Not in documentation, but in any object. How will it be completed. Means you have to pick up the table of every information. What are the steps one by one. What to process nextMeans you will be given statements to solve the whole code in a document. You don't have to do anything, according to that you have to code or solve things. So the work of making that document is of the functional team. And the work of the functional team is that the client can take more and more requirements. Can take more and more clarity that what we have to do. Basically what we have to do That thing is done by the functional team. So this is one role, second is the technical team. Whose job is to code, to test the code, to do documentation of the code. This is the major work. The basis team is basically the work of bringing the data. To do the configuration for the data all the access related things are done by the basis team. So the work of data is to take the data, to manipulate the data. Whatever work is done by the basis team. Now among these three, your job role in IBM Associate System Engineer. That will be either functional or technical in my opinion. Now in functional and technical, as I have told you the difference. So what will be your major role, I will explain that to you. So there are many domains. Suppose you got a domain I will take an example, suppose you got SAP. Now you will get this domain first. After getting this domain, you will have the training of the associate system engineer. Now after the trainings, when you will get trained in it. Then you will be given a project. What will happen in that project. First of all, you may get a shadow in the project. Because you are new now So it is not necessary that the whole lime object will be torn. You will get a shadow in the project first You will learn things slowly. And after that, as I told you. All teams are different. It may be in functional or technical. I have told you the difference between functional and technical. Now if I talk about technical. So what happens in technical too. Some teams are data teams. Some are testing teams Some are code teams. So it depends on which team you are going to. Suppose you went to the code team. So what will be your job. Your job will be First of all, you will get a document. It is written in the document that these are the requirements. According to that, we need things. Now if you want more clarity Because the company has less coding 80% is communication only. Then you need some more clarity, Then you will start meetings. Or you will talk to the client. How can this be done or not. So that is your job. First of all, this requirement gathering. This is the biggest job I can say Once the requirement is clear. After that, your documentation is ready. So your entire documentation will be ready. After each thing is ready in the documentation. When that thing is approved, Then you will go to the code part. Then you will develop that thing in the code part. Generally, when you go as a fresher. Then you will not have to do so much. Consultant will do it, you will be helping them. Or you will be doing small objects. After that, you have to do testing on the test case. First you have to do testing yourself, Then you have to do testing. The whole work will be done at your level You will see that it is not that someone is doing high level You will also be involved in every work As an associate system engineer, your learning will be very high Then the test case will be written The code will be tested. After that, when the local testing is done. Then it will be done by the team. Then there are some issues in your code. So there are tickets. The tickets will be raised from there. Then your work will be done. You will be solving the small issues. Basically, this is your work. As an associate system engineer. And you will be involved in this whole flow. It is not that you have been given a particular work. So you can do anything in this.  And if I tell you majorly. Then when you are going to the starting. Then you will be doing requirement gathering. Documentation, bugs resolution. Which we also call defects. You will be doing this Tickets resolution. You will be doing all this. And you will be helping in the code. Also, your status call In that, you will be giving status about the objects. In support of a consultant So you will be giving this. So I guess I have explained everything. How everything works in IBM. I hope you have understood what your role is. Many people were saying that it is a support role. Support role can also be there. As I told you, that is also on the requirement. Support role can also be there. Don't think that something bad happens. I mean, everything is there Support is also there. It is possible that you get a support role. But according to me, what I told you. You will get the main job. Which I have explained to you in functional technical. There are teams in it. And how it works in teams, I have told you. So this is all about the job role of IBM Associate System Engineer. Thank you so much for watching this video.