and if you have got a job in TCS and you are thinking that money is money then I can say that this is your misunderstanding because after a long time you have a meme. I am poor Hey guys welcome back to the new video my name is Manish and I hope you all are doing absolutely fine. so today's video is about money that I have got a job in TCS. so how much money will I get and how my salary will increase and if you have got a job in TCS and you are thinking that money is money then I can say that this is your misunderstanding because after a long time you have a meme that will haunt you what is happening with me. so in this video we are going to talk about salary components of TCS. how your salary will increase and what will be your salary so stay tuned in this video. before starting the video if you have not subscribed to my channel then please subscribe to this channel and share my videos so in this video what I want to cover is I want to cover a larger audience which is 90-95% of TCS employees who face TCS digital because if you are in TCS digital then why are you watching stay happy all is well but those who are not in TCS digital who are joining from TCS Ninja. so this video is for those who are not in TCS digital, so as soon as you join TCS then your starting salary is 3.36 LPA and generally the freshers who make mistakes. I divided 3.36 from 12. I said that the salary is good for starting but it is not like that if you join TCS as a fresher after B.Tech or after MCA then your starting salary in TCS Ninja will be 3.36 LPA and during the training you will get 22-22 rupees because if they are providing you then they cut some money from it, it can be less than 18 rupees and whenever you join your base location then your monthly salary will be 23000 something and every variable that you will get on the quarterly variable, then you will get around 25 salary. so this will go on for 1 year, your salary will be 3.36 LPA then your final anniversary appraisal will come means your 1 year is over, you have become ASC from ASC then the majority of public salary will be 3.8 LPA  so your salary will reach 3.8 LPA so your salary will be in hand between 26-27 LPA and after that comes your performance band in March so you get A, B, C, C is lowest B is mid and A is star performers not in terms of work, but I will not take A band in derogatory terms because it is not necessary that the buttering is getting A band, generally the ones who work get A band but their numbers are very less generally I have seen that the one who has more than the manager, the one who has more than the team lead will get A band so if your salary is 3.8 LPA and you get A band in the first year then your salary will reach around 4.08 LPA and if you get B band then your salary will be 3.96 LPA or 3.99 LPA. so now we have completed 1 year in TCS and the average salary you get from TCS employees is 3.85 LPA in 1 year. so between 3.8-3.9 LPA, take 3.85 LPA, 3.85 LPA is your salary after 1 year and after that comes your second promotion you become assistant system engineer in 1 year and after that you will become system engineer so this hike is based on your performance you get promotion but you don't get any money for promotion which you got on removing a trainee in this you get your rating and banding based on your performance so the ideal salary of TCS employee after 2 years of experience will be between 4.24-4.5 LPA so if you want to take an average then take 4.3 LPA your CTC will be 4.3 LPA and your enhanced salary will be around 31-32k LPA so after 2 years of experience in TCS your salary will be more than 23k LPA and many people switch between this because they understand that after 2 years of experience your salary is more than 5 LPA and people who switch between this their average salary is 4.7 LPA so you get a system engineer who continues in the same organization so now you became system engineer your salary is almost 4.5 LPA your salary is almost 4.5 LPA after 4.5 LPA your salary gets stagnant because you don't get any promotion in this so your salary hike depends on your TCS and you know that your TCS hike is around 2-3% maximum is 6% so inflation is increasing to 7% and if you are taking a hike of 6% after getting an A bandthen you are getting poor every year so keep this in mind you have to run your house so this is an important thing so after 3 years in TCS your salary will be around 4.8 LPA taking into consideration that you are getting B band or combination of A and B band so after 3 years you are in 4.8 LPA salary and after 4 years you will be in 5.25 LPA and after 4 years you expect that you will get ITA promotion but your ITA promotion will be delayed because your manager will tell you that you don't have much budget. so this is a step by step process so if you have raised in this quarter then they will take 2-3 quarters sometimes it takes 1-1.5 years so you are getting 80-85% ITA promotion so you are getting 80-85% ITA promotion around 5 years and after 5 years your ITA promotion salary will be 5.75 LPA maximum your salary can go up to 6.25 LPA and an average salary of 5-6 years for experienced TCS employees will be 5.75-6.2 LPA
so 5 years is a big time in an organization and if you are spending 5 years then heads off to you if you are taking advantage of company policies then you can spend 5 years You can go to WP, upskill yourself, go to higher education. it will give you a platform. so if you are using all these things and taking 2 years then 5 years is fine so this is a concern the fact that your salary is increasing. I would like to tell you that a friend of mine recently resigned on TCS on Feb 2023 and he had 7-8 years of experience around 7.5 and his salary was 7.2 LPA so after working for 8 years your salary is not equal to your year of experience 8 LPA is there but that was not there and he must have got 3 A bands and the rest 2-3 B bands which you can assume is his performance at an upper level then his salary was 7.2 LPA even after IT promotion so you can see how slowly salary increases in TCS. so your enhanced salary will come around between 45-50 or maximum 51 it will not touch more than this ideally your salary will be between 45-50 and you will always wait for 3 months when you will get quarterly performance. it is not always that you will get 100% . it depends on the company, sometimes 70% sometimes 80% and they give 100% . so they reduce the salary of C3A which is assistant consultant so this was video to start salary in 3.36, 1 year after you will get 3.8, 2 years after you will get 4.25. 3 years after you will get 4.5, 4 years after you will get 4.9-5 and you get IT promotion in 5 years then you will get 5.75 and in 6th year you will get 6.3, 6.4 and in 7th year you will get 6.9 or 6.8 and in 8th year your salary will be 7.5 this was one. which is going on this is the salary of TCS Digital employees if you join TCS Digital at 7th year then you will get 6% higher salary if you TCS Digital at 7th year then your salary will be around 10 because 8 years employees are not reaching 10 I hope you liked this video please subscribe to my channel I will see you in next video, till then take care.