Welcome back guys to the Fantastic Programmer. My name is Arun Rathore and today I will share with you my first day experience in TCS. So everyone has a lot of queries about what is first day, there are a lot of doubts about what we have to do, what things we need for first day. After onboarding, what are the other formalities for joining. So I am going to tell you all those things. So stay tuned till the end of this video. So before starting the first day experience, I want to tell you one important thing. A lot of people think that the laptop that comes from TCS, we get it on the day of joining or one day before joining or 4-5 days before joining. With which we can do our ILP training, you don't get anything for an hour. You have to use your own laptop, you have to connect your own wifi because you can't run your work from the host port. You will need 4-5 GB of net daily and with high speed internet you will need it. So you have to keep your own laptop, you have to connect your wifi. Whatever you get from TCS before joining, what is there in it? A diary comes, from the side of explorer, which we do the course of explorer, a pen com And after that comes a bag of wildcraft, which has the logo of TCS. It has 5 years warranty. These things come before joining. And the laptop that comes from TCS comes to you after 10-15 days and it depends on your location. If your location is in a rural area or in a very corner of a state where it is difficult to reach, then it takes time. But if you live in a city, then you can come quickly. So it depends. So what was the starting day? First of all, what do you have to do after onboarding? You don't have to do anything. If all your documents have been verified and approved, then you just have to wait for the meeting link. And as soon as you get the meeting link and you get the schedule of the next day, you have to see the whole schedule of tomorrow. The most important thing is to check the time of the first session. you have to join the day. Like I started at 8.15. I started at 8.15. After joining, I started again at 8.30. Many candidates can speak in India. Jharkhand, Surat, Bangalore, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi, Gwalior, all students from far away join there. And there is a lot of excitement about what is going to happen on the first day. There are also nervous days and excitement was more. At my time, I was very excited about what would happen. I was very excited that it was the first day with the number one company. After school and college life, a new journey started with TCS. I felt very good. It was a proud moment for my family that our son has joined with a number one company. Then the first session of the new journey started and the very good faculty started the introduction with TCS. I found out a lot of new things that day. When I had my first day, I found out a lot of new learning about TCS. From how many groups of TCS all over the world. I didn't know that TCS had so many companies and so much trust in TCS. So I felt very proud that I became an employer of such a big company and felt very good that day. After getting the overview, I talked very well. I can't tell you a lot of things because all those things are confidential. But after that, I had the first session, then the second session, then I got lunch time. After that, I started the overview and there was a lot of learning. Then the first day was very good. Although the time was 8.30 to 6. It was a long time but I had to get used to it. I saw everything sitting down. Many people can see it even if they are lying down. Because their camera is not on at home and we are on mute. we have to watch it only... Like we have lectures in college, we have to watch it only on Google Meet.But after college and TCS, there is a huge difference. Here, everything is being told to you is for your future. And how to get involved in practical life, all those things are told to you. So here you have to be very good. And if you lie down and see, then laziness remains. And then after a while, you don't feel like it. So you will concentrate and see. And you are given very valuable information. And what are the things you have to do, what are the applications provided, all the credentials etc. So you have to see all the things very well. You have to understand how your future journey will be and how your training period will be. Training period is very good. TCS's first day was very good for me. So with this, my first day's happy ending was very good. And now there are many people who are about to join their first day. So you don't have to worry. You have to clear your first day's step first. You have to prepare all your documents well and approve them. After that, you have to wait for the meeting link and you have to join the first day well. So from now on, good luck to all of you. May your first day be good. And if you liked the video, then please comment and tell me. And I am going to make a lot of helpful videos for you. And for those who are students who are about to get an NOD in August, I am going to make a preparation video for them. I have already made a lot of videos. I am going to make more videos and I am going to make interviews. So that you don't have any problem in the interview and can also get selected in TCS's number one IT company. So thank you so much. If you liked the video, then please like, share and subscribe my channel. And thank you so much. Keep safe, keep healthy. Bye.
