Hi friends, welcome back to my channel again. So in this video, I'm going to review TCS company.Let's jump into the video friends. So friends, I have opened Glassdoor and I have searched for TCS data consultancy services.So I got this whole bunch of data. So talking about the company,TCS is the headquarters in Mumbai.It is founded in 1968.That means it is around 32, 42 and 46 years old company. This is into computer hardware development and you know what?There are 6 lakh employees in this company. So this is one of the highest employer in the world.I would say and its competitors are like Accenture, IBM and Infosys. It is basically a service-based company handling multiple projects in India and across the world.And keeping that aside, let's start taking a look at reviews.So basically the company is having 3.9 rating, which means this is a better company, almost a better company. And it is founded in, I'm sorry, there are 1 lakh reviews so far and this is the first time I'm seeing a company with this many reviews and keeping that aside, I recommend you to remember this guy named Rajesh Gopinathan, He's the CEO of TCS right now. It will change, you know, when the organization changes something and I want you to remember this name because whenever someone asks you in the interview about what do you know about TCS, then you can probably tell his name and keeping that aside, let's talk about individual reviews. So for culture and values, the rating is 4 and diversity and conclusion, it is 4.1, work-life balance 3.9, senior management 3.3, compensation and benefits 3.1 and career opportunities 3.7. So if you know this, if you notice these changes, you can see everything is better in this company, but compensation and benefits, senior management are very far less and in this company there is a scope to improve these two things. 1 So friends, if you are concerned is salary, probably you need I to think twice before you joining in this organization to be frank and keeping that aside, let's talk about employee sentiment. 75% of the employees are recommending their friends to join in the company and 86% of the employees are approving their CEO and 73% TCS has a positive business outlook and one more thing I wanted to tell you personally friends, Tata group is one of the ethical organization in the world. So this company won't lay off any employees. So it is a completed job security organization, I would say and keeping that aside, let's talk about pros and cons working in this company. So pros are like good onset opportunities for person, goodcompany for starting the career, freshers make a point on this and good work, good to work, friendly environment, good company to start your career and good place to learn new technologies.So most of the reviews are related to the freshers. So it is a great platform for freshers. I would say and coming to the cons, work-life balance and <> work pressure, no work-life balance in particular project, salary hike is very low for the freshers, low salary for experienced people, lot of politics inside the project. So just assume a company with 1 lakh employees, the decision making would be very late or very delay and a company with handling some multiple projects, there is obviously there is some sort of work-life balance disturbance and pressure and a company which is paying more than 6 lakh employee salaries, it is definitely have its numbers right. So that is the reason salaries are pretty less in this company. But however for freshers get a good experience in this company friends and moreover talking about the most recent reviews will understand more about the company. Tata is just pride of India friends. Just keep this in your mind and keeping that aside, the latest ratings in 28 November. So systems engineer in Bangalore good for freshers, good work culture projects or great scope learning for freshers, cons work-life balance is mediocre during initial months and in US experienced companies great with work-life balance, cons are low rises, they want you in office even though job can be done remotely and Windows Server administrator work-life balance, supportive management, cons low CTC, hike is too low and in Pune senior Devops engineer good place to work, cons administration has too much politics at that time and in Gujarat good for freshers, no promotion and increment provided are the cons and beautiful infrastructure and working conditions for data research analyst and cons are increment or appraisal for freshers is worst and most of the things it projects So these are the reviews friends. There are more than 1 lakh reviews. So you can take a look as many as you need and do let me know which one you like the most and you'll understand more about the company friends and keeping that aside, let's talk about jobs. I'm sure there are like thousands of jobs available in Reconnect GP this company. Here they have they have posted like 12 job openings in glass door, but there are some thousands of openings. I recommend you to watch my previous video where I have shared information about how to search filter and apply for the jobs that will definitely help you friends. So I'll be sharing that video link in the description. So do take a look and keeping that aside, let's talk about the salary part. There are only 128 K that means 1 lakh 28,000 salaries that have been posted in in glass door friends. So just assume how big the companies for systems engineer the salaries 4 lakh 79,000 assistant systems engineer 3 So these are probably for freshers software engineer 4 lakh 65,000. lakh 50,000 16 lakh for Associated consultant 6 lakh 65 for IT analyst 15 lakh for consultant project manager 12 lakh 44,000. And for process associate 2 lakh 52,000. So let's see the salaries here. So the lowest salary is 2 lakh 10,000 for a graduate trainee and 49 lakh for a VP and these are the salaries friends. The highest salary is 49 lakh and the lowest salary is 2 lakh. But the thing is salaries are paid to 1 lakh 28,000. I mean 6 lakh people per month that might be like a entire income of a specific state or half of the country. So just that in mind friends and keeping that aside. Let's talk about interviews. So interviews are something that will help you to understand whether you can clear the interview or not and the difficulty is 2.7, which means it is it is just, you know, a namely discussion difficulty. I would say if you have good skills, you can definitely I crack the interview without much efforts and interview experiences. If you are giving an interview here, you will get 76% of experiences. work here and keeping that aside how to get an interview in this company. the positive experience, 8% negative and the 6% neutral This is what you can assume or this is how the interviews So 51% of the employees are the who have applied online. I'm sorry. Sorry, 51% of the employees are campus recruitment. So that means freshers. So freshers just mark this point that 51% of the TCS employees of the freshers and 32% of the people who have applied online. That means I have created a video on how to search filter and apply for the jobs. So probably you can take a look at this part and the 5% recruiter employee referral 4% in other other recruitment agency 3%. So these are the interview ratings. So I'm telling you again, I'm repeating you this 51% I of the employees are freshers in TCS friends. If any fresher is looking for a job probably TCS will I give you an opportunity if you have good skills and keeping that aside. I want you to take a look at interview reviews here. So you'll understand more about the about the interview part. So let's say let's say BPS interview or technical consultant interview. You can see this I applied through an employee referral I interviewed at TCS. It will take the whole process long one long day prepare to spend one day in TCS campus two technical round one management round and last lecture round will be there questions would be architecture point of view all questions complex development for systems engineer Java concepts and multi-threading concepts and for | working project and coding questions to solve and technical test is like MCQs and to coding questions. So keep this in mind friends what kind of questions you can expect if you are giving an interview in the TCS I recommend you to go with this interview feedback and keeping that aside there are 17,000 interview feedbacks or resources that you have friends. So I think you need to take a look at this whenever you are giving an interview in TCS and keeping that aside. Let's see So I the is 78% I'm sorry 2.72% so You can crack the interview if we have a good skills and means it is not highly difficult. the hardest interviews are like assistant systems engineers and systems and software engineer roles were rated as a easiest one in TCS and the hiring process takes 14 days as an average whereas assistant systems engineer was nine in nine days high. They have hired in nine days and the systems en↑↓ roles are the high slowest with 13 days of hiring process. And these are like common stages of interview presentation 17% group panel 17 1 to 1 13. So these are like common stages of interview. I hope it will give some good insights if you are giving interview here in TCS and next benefits. So talking about the benefits the rating is around 3.7 which means it is good place.And less than better by the way and keeping that aside maternity and paternity leave better health policies and you will get maternity leave plus LWP.I don't know what is it if any TCS employees watching the video do let me know and overall experience is considered good good health care and insurance policies and TCS has a lot of benefits very good security work life balance good company to work at worst and best are there in Gurlao very less hike and not much appreciation the PFA amount is fraction of total salary. So these are the reviews friends related to the benefits there are still 8800 reviews. If you have a moment you can take a look and learn more about the benefits of TCS and keeping that aside next photos. So you can take a look at photos. So you will understand more about the company.I mean the campuses the people and the culture of the company you can understand more if you are you know taking a look and at these images and I think that's it for this video friends. And if you ask me if you can join in this company I recommend you to work with the company learn more and you know learn more get to know more about the TCS it's a pride of India and yeah, just share your experience through in the comment section so we can share it with our you know viewers