Hi guys welcome back to the channel. I am Anshu and I work as a data analyst for Deloitte India. Today's video is going to be about what is between Deloitte India and Deloitte USI. I work for Deloitte India. Deloitte USI simply stands for Deloitte US's office in India. First difference is that Deloitte India usually serves to the Indian clients or the Middle East clients which are surrounding the Asian subcontinent. Deloitte USI clients are majorly the clients based out of US or around the US region.That is the very basic difference between Deloitte India and USI. That they serve Indian clients and they serve the clients that are around the US region.
When I say Indian client it is not just India but also the regions around India. For example Australia, Australia, Singapore, Malaysia, Dubai. All of these regions are also part of the clients that Indian team serves. For example the client that I was working for was UK based.So it's not just India but other clients also but majority of the portion is Indian clients and around India.So that is the first basic difference.Second difference is again the opportunities that you get. Like if you are choosing whether you want to interview for Deloitte India or USI that was the first thing. That what kind of clients you want to serve. Second is also that obviously because if it is US clients then it's more money flowing in because the clients are US clients. Indian clients obviously because of the basic currency difference the amount of revenue generated by the Indian clients by the Indian division would be again different. And based on that it will also affect your income let's say your salary, your perks. Everything would be affected based on that.So that is again one point that you can always consider if you are deciding whether you want to interview for Deloitte India or you want to interview for Deloitte USI. Third point is that in Deloitte India I felt and what also I have heard from other people within Deloitte India that the leadership is quite approachable. There is a very flat hierarchy and it is not like you have to go through the different levels of hierarchy to approach a particular leader, a particular partner or a particular director which is the highest level of hierarchy let's say. So even if I say flat hierarchy there is obviously a hierarchy but when I say flat it means that everybody is very approachable when we talk about Deloitte India. I have been part of Deloitte India only so I cannot really vouch for what Deloitte USI does. But as of what I have heard the again in USI because it's a big big division and the clients are at different places teams are segregated across various regions. Approachability is comparatively less. You are in India, you are sitting in India, the approachability is more. So that is another difference. One more difference that I felt is because you are part of Deloitte India let's say and your clients are majorly Indian clients.You also get your opportunity to work on site, see their office, work in a different company's office. You are part of Deloitte India, you are working in Deloitte India's office but you also get an opportunity to work in your client's office. But people think this as a let's say gone also because your clients are Indian so you don't get to go out often if it is not a client outside India. So however in Deloitte USI it is different because clients are based out of India.
People think that they might get an opportunity to go on site outside India. However, the probability of this happening is very low since they are in Deloitte it is. And however it is very high in other companies like Tata or Infosys or let's say Capgemini because they send people outside often. And that is also one of the prime reasons people choose these companies. I think these are the major differences. Definitely there are other differences based on the kind of work that Deloitte USI is offering and the kind of work that Deloitte India is offering. Based is again the different requirements of the clients in different regions. And there are again different technical points as well. But these are the basic differences a person would consider I would say when they are interviewing for Deloitte India or USI or when they are wanting to enter into Deloitte. What is one thing that they should choose and that these are also the points that I consider. Hope you liked the video. If you did, do let me know. And if you have any more questions pertaining to this, let me know. I'll try to make video on that and do hit the like button. See you in the next video.