So I usually wake up around 7 a.m. and get ready for work. So this is today's fit. I have the gray Zara sweater and the Logitech wind cheater. I usually also work from home. I tend to go into the office two to three days a week. So I have a setup to work from home. So I usually walk to the office but today it was kind of raining so I decided to take the bus. And the bus usually takes me around two minutes to get to the office. And if I walk it takes around seven to ten minutes. But yeah the office is pretty close. Thank you. So here we are at the office and I was almost killed by this red car. I don't know what happened. It was a walking signal. So good thing is I would have it on camera if I was hit by the car. But yeah here we are at the office and you can see the huge Google logo on the wall. I usually skip the breakfast and I start my work around 8 30 to 9 a.m. It depends on how my day is. I don't have meetings and stuff in the morning.So I focus on my cases.So I tend to take my lunches around noon to 1 p.m. because the kitchen is really busy.Today they had some rice and beans and some chicken. So I'm so far I'm loving the food that we have at the office.So I get back to work again working on any new cases that are assigned to me and also if I already have some assigned cases. And then I often get hungry like after two hours of lunch so I tend to get some drink and then a snack maybe.and then I get back to work again.you can see it's sunny now so it stopped raining.Me and my colleague we go for a pong sometimes if we don't have any meetings and stuff right. And yeah I'm trying to get good at it. I used to be good at it. I used to play it in college. Yeah 5 p.m hits and I'm going back to home. Can you hear me? Sorry can you hear me? Yeah yeah I can hear you. So this is the entire like Kitchener downtown area and I just love walking through this. So once I get home around 6-6:30 we usually go for a walk but today we also had to do some groceries. So we are taking the car. This is my partner's car so if you're wondering why I didn't take the car to the office. Yeah it was really nice weather. It was still a bit chilly but it was nice.So after doing the groceries going to this park. Since we it's only been a month we moved to Kitchener. We are trying like we are exploring different tracks different parks and this was our first time at this park. So the experience in Kitchener has been really good. And then around 7 p.m we head home and have dinner because 1 have a volleyball game late at night today so I'll be going for that. Thankyou