Hi everyone, welcome back to yet another video. Today we have Mrinal with us once again. How are you guys? Very good, very good. We are coming from a trip. Yes, this is how new life is happening. Mrinal pushed us from the trip. But anyway, coming to the point of video, for which you came and we are here. This is the boxes that we have, as you are on board on Google. As soon as you join Google, Mrinal, first of all, so many boxes. How is the feeling? What is it? How is the excitement to unbox them? Yes, it's great. Let's start unboxing. Basically, the purpose of this video is to show you that when you join Google, what you get and how life changes. And what are the perks of joining Google. So let's start with the very first, the very handy Google Pixel. Do you like Pixel, Mrinal? Yes, of course. It's a great phone. So this is Google Pixel. Inside it is the same charger, cable and all. But this is the phone. This is the phone. This is Mrinal's new phone. Congratulations, buddy. So here are many things that are provided to you. So all this comes for free. The company takes care of the expenses. So we will show you the price in the end that how much is done, how much is worth. Just for your reference, there is no selling point or sponsor price. This is just to tell you what are the estimates and how much is done. Google Pixel comes around Rs. 44,000. Going to the next product, this is Google... This is not by Google basically,but I had kept it here. So you have bought it from home. You have bought it from your home assistant. This is by Google. Mrinal has bought it himself. Yes, I have bought it myself. So to create that atmosphere, he bought that. Coming to the very exciting thing, guess what this is. If you know that, I think Mrinal, you unbox it. So I saw so many products and thought that I have to make a video of this. Because I think this is also a source of motivation. So this is how the box unboxes. This is called an ergonomic... Bro, guess what this is. You won't be able to guess, I swear. This is the sexiest computer mouse, bro. And it's amazing. It's called an ergonomic mouse. It has very good hands. It stays on the table. You don't feel any strain on your wrist. It has 3 buttons. Nice, 3 buttons. And quite a design. Quite a design. And what is the price for this? 25,000. Very expensive. I had never seen a mouse for 25,000. But yeah, here it is. In our hands. That is the beauty of joining Google. Coming to the next box, which we have for you. So before moving forward in the video, I would like to tell you what this video is brought to you by Cryo.do which is the world's leading experience-based learning platform. Here you can start your development journey in full-tech development, back-end development, here there is a fellowship program where everything is taught by Cryo.do and there is a placement guarantee. Here you are doing industry-level projects in a real development environment. This will make your resume better. And you will do so many projects throughout the journey that your GitHub profile will become very strong. And in all these situations, if you have any doubts, then there is no need to worry. Because here you will get a one-to-one mentor. And from whom will you get mentorship? From the top-level companies in the industry. And the average LP ACTC here goes to 11 lakhs. And the city of Dream Company goes to 22 lakhs. And up to 40 lakhs packages. So here you have a placement guarantee. Everything is friendly. You are getting a mentor.And along with that, you are getting a free trial class. The link is in the description. So don't miss the link of the free trial class. And if you get a replacement, then do give it a try. And don't tell me in the comments. Let's move on to the video. Let's unbox and find out what's inside. Open it. Open the box in the box. What's in the box? I am enjoying it. But it feels very premium. This is the headphone. Which has active noise cancel. Very premium feeling. Very good looking. Very nice. And it comes around the price of 17000. It supports Google Assistant. We have Google Assistant. And along with that, it has cables. 3.0. And here, Type-C is also included in it. Type-C is also included. Type-C is charged maybe. So this is the headphone that you get. If you have Bluetooth, if you have a battery, just use it. Just in case it goes down. It has a very good connectivity. Very good sound. And when you wear it, you feel like. Wear it. Wear it. You should feel it. Right, left. So there is a notification here. I can't hear him. Maybe I'll look at him. Can you hear him? Noted. So this is the headphone that you get. Very interesting. I love the products. And I'm sure this is a booster for you guys. Motivation booster. Coming to the very very big unboxing, this is the MacBook Pro that you get when you join Google. So this is my work laptop. You get a lot of. 4 or 5 choices for laptop. You can choose from Windows, Chromebook, Mother OS. You can choose from those. And iOS. This is the best MacBook available in the market. And this is how it looks. It's amazing. It's beautiful. Alright. Anyway, this has been unboxed before. Working in Google, you have to keep your laptop active. So that's where the logo comes in. Google, this is a sticker. Was this a sticker? It was in the pocket. It was in the pocket. So that is a Panny Pack by Google. Let's see. By the way, this is very interesting. Fly it below with your Google set. This is the travel partner for when he travels on Airways or wherever he travels. So another thing gifted by Google. We are creating a mess in the background. Can't help it. And this is like a Panny Pack. We call it Chola in Bihar. And in Bihar, UP, we call it Chola. Where are you watching this video from? Tell me. So you can see the inside of this. I know Mrinal is not telling much about the product. I am telling you because I am very excited. Because I am in your place. I am in the audience. I am just telling you that I am going through the message. Look, it is amazing from the inside. This Google feel is very premium quality. So this is like Mrinal will go and get vegetables in this. And such a like, hey brother, on Google, nice. So this is something fun and interesting Panny Pack. Like daily. You can do it anytime. Good to get it. Right to get it. And coming to the next thing. What is this? This is We are so happy to see you. We are so happy to see you guys. Thank you for watching our video. Coming to Jati. Yes. This is the diary by Google. Looks very neat and chain and very aesthetic. Very nice. Right. Here, Mrinal Kali has his daily thoughts about what I want to do. Do you, do you? Can't share. But do you write something? Yeah, I do. Do you guys write? Let us know in the comments. Coming to the another very cute, very like exciting parcel for us. I think one of the. This came from San Francisco, I guess. As I was told. But a lot far from India. California. California. So this is not from India. It is from California. And this is a cute little hat with a helicopter on it. I adore it. So basically Nougla as they welcome. And it also spins. We have kept the fan speed low because I am nota problem of noise. But if the fan is running in speed or if it is bent, it spins nicely. So that looks cool and cute. And comes with all this. Google is everywhere. That's why I am showing you This all color scheme is of Google. The color scheme shown here. So everything you know, creates an ambience and aura. Why? That is beautiful. That is amazing. This is one of them. Coming to the laptop. Everything is done. But the thing is not over yet. The very very big parcel. The biggest parcel that has been received yet is this one. Coming up right. And I don't want to break it. Because it is very very expensive. And you can guess. My head is visible. My body is covered. So this is 32 inch LED. Let's not unbox it. We will show you how to unbox it. So this is the LED that you receive. So all this kit, you have to ask for it. How is the process of getting it? There is a website. Internal website. Kind of like Amazon. It is smaller. Go there, add your card, place your order and it's done. Perfect. And there is something more coming. Murinal was telling me that it will come after making the video. There are lights coming in from the website. There was a stock going on. I have few more goodies. So if it comes, we will update you in the coming videos. Anyway, how is the feeling of having all this premium mouse and hat. The cool hat. I am thinking of setting up my own workstation here. It would be a nice aesthetic look. I am very excited to do that. We will show you the demo in the end. The products that we have for the video we will do a rough setup and show you how the setup looks like by all these gifts by Google. So how do you feel? Do your family know about this? They watch the video. They will understand after watching my video. But anyway it's fun. Really nice. How is the laptop? How is it going? I am enjoying it on Macbook. It's a Windows. But yeah, Windows is also good. Apple's feel is different. Apple's feel is different. Because Google's things work easily. Very nice. If you haven't seen the video How to crack Google, I have made it with Murinal. It's in my playlist. Do watch it. And the reaction video of getting the offer letter by Google that is also made. And the campus tour is also coming. So make sure you don't miss them. Congratulations once again on this big 32 inch lady who was covering us. So these are the goodies that you get from Google. And yeah, if you are coming here or joining Google, you will get all these and maybe more and maybe something new. You never know.
