So hey guys, myself Saurabh Bhardwaj and I recently completed my 4 months at Microsoft and this video is going to be about my 4 months experience at Microsoft and it is also going to be a mini campus tour for you guys. But before that, let's have breakfast because first we have to worship and then do the works So I have Idli, Vada, Dosa, Sabudana Kichdi and Dahi for breakfast.My friend who is recording this video, Harsh Modi, has taken extra milk and cornflakes. So, it is your first day in the office. You get call from your manager.So, let's have it.You come to the office and you are introduced by the whole team.And after that, you meet some of the folks, you talk to them and then you try to find your place in this crganization.You navigate your way up, you travel around and talk to the team.your first month is generally free because you have just entered Microsoft.Along with that, you are on-boarding and you are watching videos about. Microsoft cultures.Apart from that, one more thing I would like to point out is that generally, you have come here from college life so you feel that you don't have any restrictions.don't have pressure from your parents, no hard curfew rules,You can come here at any time of the night... So, you go to late night parties.In the first month, you explore Hyderabad. Apart from that, you rent your flat.Along with that, you buy groceries. You see that you have to decorate your flat like this.And then you go to house parties. So, that is completely your first month in which you feel very happy that there is no pressure from.So, in your first month, you are going to meet many new people. And believe me, it happens. Plus, I forgot to tell you one thing. If you want to know how we do house parties in the first month.While some of them are going to be your friends and some of them will remain your just colleagues, How a new engineer puts himself in the culture of Hyderabad.it's going to be completely about Hyderabad.So, if you want such a video in detail, then comment down below and subscribe.We will make that video soon.So, now your month starts. In which you start your work.Mostly you watch videos on YouTube. You work in C-sharp in my company.Similarly, in your organization, you can work in any language. So,we watch videos of that.Along with that, we work on our first simple project, After that, in the second month, you start your work.Your work starts within 4-5 hours of the day.So, I will finish my work and then I will meet you. So, when you are working, you have some meetings. Mostly, my meetings in the second month were with my mentor. I used to understand what things I have to do and what things I don't have to do. And then, of course, because we are following the hybrid model.So, some people are in your office, some are working from home to with them, we have these meetings. I personally like this room because I like these swing chairs. Similarly, are many meeting rooms in our office and we book them.So, meetings are an important part of the corporate life. And I like this room because the view from here comes from the tower of ISB.The tower of Indian School of Business.So, if you can see it.So, I think i have done a lot of work for today.So, let's go out and have lunch.After lunch, we will do some more work. So, let's go.So, we have come for team lunch.And I am having some North Indian food.. Chole Bhature, Pakode and Gulab Jamun, rice and roti.
Tanvi is having salad.This is Akarshit. He is having choix.That is a desi, sorry, English khichdi. And Divya is having garlic bread.And she is Anirudha. She is my manager. And she can't wait for me.So, she eats all the food.And here is Shubham.And here the cameraman is having Subway and I think fries.So, I have done lunch. And after lunch, everyone gets sleepy.When there is a shock or laziness, that happens with everyone. So, now I will show you my favorite two places in the campus.
So, the first place is this massage chair.
