Hey guys, welcome to my channel. I am Aishwarya Narayanabre and this is my second video on my channel which is about the reasons that I why I left PCs. So I am going to share with you the journey how it all started and how it all ended. So I joined PCS back in 2019 as a fresher. I was actually a college graduate in my seventh semester when I got the offer. So I have given this exam called the which is held by PCS every year 1 think. So it is a master recruitment program. I have also applied for the same and I got selected. Before I received the offer letter, one of my teacher in my college he said that ek wala PCS mein lag jao phir life settle ho jaay ki. And I was like okay let's try, let's give our best. And then yeah, life settle to hui hai I mean I got financially independent and so many life decisions that I took which was really big for me. And yeah like so I am going to make a video on that also because this whole month of November was at the extreme for me. And I am going to share with you all about that in my next video. So please do check it out also. And yeah, first of all thank you so much for the love that you have given to me on my first video. I didn't expect it but thank you so much thank you. And talking about this video, so after joining PCS I was very very happy I was like on the top of the world, me, my whole family, my parents, my brother and everyone actually even my teachers and everyone. It was a very beautiful journey I must say. Where there are pros of joining PCs there are also cons. Well coming to the pros actually so obviously first the job security. Whether you are in your 30s or whether you are in your 50s, if you are in PCS you have a secure job. That's the whole point. You are going nowhere actually like until now it is the scene I don't know about the future if they start doing layoffs but yeah. There is no other company that gives such good job security than PCS does. And the second point is the onsite. So the number of onsite opportunities that you get in PCS you will get no pressures. They aim for that. You know there is some like I also when I joined I thought okay we can go onsite with this job and I thought okay this is a good opportunity so yeah I just. But in my project there was no onsite opportunity coming to the project allocation actually. So this is a big drawback with PCS that they don't consider the skills of the associate. They consider that like if there is a requirement in a particular project they just pick anyone and they just drop there. So that is a very bad con about PCs. And also if you resign PCB then you can't join it till now. Like the policy has not changed I think so. I don't know if it is going to change or not but as far as I know it has not changed yet. So yeah coming to the salary part. So this is main reason why many PCBers are quitting their jobs in PCS because the salary hikes that we get in PCB is very less. Actually in most of the MNCs this is the case. So in IT the thing is that if you want growth in your career right so you have to switch. That is the only option. Staying in the same company for many years actually it reflects to your profile your resume as well because they consider that this particular associate he or she was confortable in the project in the company that's why they haven't switched yet. So yes if you are also planning to switch then I will suggest you that wait for like at least three years then I think you should take the decision. So the recruiter that recruits you actually sees that you have three years of experience that you have done. So you have three years of experience you have the knowledge. So you are an experienced person you are not a pressure anymore and yeah so on the basis of that he can recruit you right. Now when a pressure Joined PC he has to make this bond of one year and in that bond it is written that if you resign in the first year getting placed in PCs or joining PC se you have to pay a particular amount of money to the company otherwise you can't resign. Also one harsh truth of PCS is there are very less total development projects. Projects in PCR are actually support plus development so you will not very very rarely you will get a full development project and yeah so when you have an after in your hand then only 1 will suggest you to resign because you have a backup that is why you are resigning unless and until I thought I don't think you should take the risk because obviously if you the bills to pay you have the three months after you resign so you can give multiple interviews and you will have multiple offers in your hand and then you can choose ube I did the same I had multiple offers and then I joined the organization that I'm working for So for the recruitment for the calls that you will get I would suggest you to join knockree.com you will get multiple calls in a day like I used to get three to four calls in a single day so because you I just have update the profile every day also update your profile on Linkedin as well and yeah search for reviews alms I didn't get any reviews as such but yeah for me knock.ommit helped a lot so yeah that's it so but after all these reasons I just want to say that I am really grateful for that PCS happened to me and will be forever grateful to PCs like when I was when it was my last working day and I went to the office to submit my laptop right was getting so mich nostalgia like 2015 before the lockdown I used to go to office and I used to work daily there so there was a lot of nostalgia a lot of memories that we have created I not so many good friends over there and the bonds that I have from PC3 when like the freshers that joined with me and the project people everyone so so also in my case the thing was that I have given this REAR which was for the Internal PCS employees so I gave this exam called the digital cadre called PCS digital and I cleared it so so my annual pay was way more than the experience that I have because I cleared that exam so yeah if you are if you don't give such exams if you are dependent on the annual hikes and obviously you will not get that much of growth in the same company then the only option you have is to switch so yes if you like the video please give it a thunbin up and also it this video was helpful to you please leave a tent below also give it a thumbs op subscribe to my channel do all the good things and yeah somewhere here I will leave my instagram also if you have any questions you can ask me there also you can comment down below yeah thanks for watching bye.