Hello everyone, welcome back to my channel The Sareak Show where we discuss about tech, career, product and life and we are back with the part two of the podcast with Meghna where we are discussing about her life journey at Deloitte. So if you have not checked out the part one you can check here here somewhere and in this specific part two we will discuss about what kind of work she do in the consulting space, what are her learnings, how she has moved from one project to another, what has been her work life balance and different perks that she is enjoying at Deloitte, how you can become part of Deloitte, what are the various common questions that that in in your mind regarding consulting space. So she is here to answer all of those questions. So stay tuned till the end of this video and without further ado let's start with the video. So how was your experience when joining a consulting firm and like how have things changed when you have joined Deloitte? So the onboarding process wan really smooth. As a college graduate you get placed normally, I got placed normally at the first beginning part of my third year so I had to wait for almost a year and a half actually start working. So that was a long wait and I did a lot of research on Deloitte during time. So even if now if you go type on Google Deloitte work culture you're going to get such horrible comments under that and I don't know why because the work culture at Deloitte has been just amazing. Considering I've worked in a lot of companies already this is the best work culture I've ever had. So basic questions that I always get from my juniors are do you have to work on weekends? No, I don't have to work on weekends and I get questions like do you get to travel a lot? No, that's one big myth because you don't always get to go to different countries and states at least as a person who just joined the company and the onboarding I would like to go to the onboarding process was just smooth, really smooth. They have a lot of trainings for you guys. It's from day one you have trainings. The first three days goes only trainings and then you're put on the bench but bench I did not get the chance to even be on the bench. I was taken to a project the day I joined two days after that. So that's why I told you to do a lot of internships because once you joined Deloitte there is another hiring process internally. So all the project leads they come to fetch the new joiners. They look at your resume, they pass around your resume around the company and everyone who feels that you fit into the project just picks you from there. So if you have a good background, so they pick you to a project and they'll try their best to match you to something which is written on the resume. That's why I told don't write if you're not into coding don't write coding because then you'll be taken into coding project most probably and you never know and there are chances you don't get the same thing which is there on your resume. You might be picked into different projects too. That's another myth that you just get to work on one thing because as consulting like I've already mentioned is that you have to be a problem solver and a go-getter. You can't be a stingy person telling I want to stick only to one thing. So if you do not want to be on the bench and you want to stay and thrive in the consulting field be ready to pick up on any problem. They will train you. Trainings every day at least there are four to five trainings. Mandatory ones are there. There are non-mandatory ones. You can pick up anything and you can complete it. They will give you plenty of time, plenty of resources. You can take up a lot of certifications for which they'll pay you once you pass the exams and that's one of the biggest perk I would say because you just have to get an approval from your team lead for the certification. You can complete the certification and they're going to pay you for it. Let it be Salesforce or let it be any kind of certification. That's one onboarding thing and work benefit which I enjoy the most. Second in this work from home right now hybrid model. If your clients are not in India which my clients are in Switzerland so I don't have to actually go to the office anytime soon even if the office opens up. You can work from home. They give you all their facilities. They give you wi-fi reimbursements. They give you a work from home netups. I know these are the smallest thing but that's the thing that sort of makes you work right like they give you work from home setup: They give you headphones. You can buy phones. You can buy devices and they're going to reimburse. They have a very good budget for that. That's what I was telling about. The CTC does not include any of these benefits. You get a sign-on bonus. If you are from college you get a sign-on bonus. If you're a lateral hire you don't until you ask for and I don't know how that works but college you a pretty decent sign on bonus. So perks and benefits overpowers according to overpowera most of our salarien at least for beginners you get really good ones and there are a lot of awards and recognitions every single month and you have money flowing in during the awards and recognition time because if you're awarded it's not like you just get like some small voucher. It's a huge voucher. It's a good number and you can actually go out with your friends and they give you good ones for traveling and they actually give you gym membership reimbursements. They focus a lot on you as a person, you as an individual. They actually believe in you as a person and they trust your time that you utilize the time properly and they respect your family time. So work-life balance is just great and onboarding in great. Perks and benefits are great. Oh awesome great to hear that. So basically there are people who are always afraid of that consulting space as does not have good work-life balance or they're scared to move into that space just because they might not be able to provide sufficient time to their family ones. There are special perks for you. They take care of that and these are very small things but they matter a lot as in providing that work from setup to work efficiently and more productively and things to make your experience more smoother. So I think that's a great part to hear. Deloitte as a company is very good and doing their best part for it and it shows that the employee becomes the brand ambassador for the company 1tself. Meghna is appreciating the effort so this is how the company works. So moving on. So how Meghna in your work going on as what kind of typical work that you do an a business technology. analyst and how one can expect what kind of projects or what kind of team would be part of any skilin, special skills they should know or they should learn to become a good business technology analyst. Okay first I'd like to start with the last question. Skills to be a business technology analyst does not exist at all. That's one big big myth and one thing even I didn't I was not aware of. Business technology analyst is such a new terminology which has been formed T think by only consulting firms at this point because this is business analyst or this technology analyst. Now what is a business technology analyst? So when I applied I didn't know what a business technology analyat means because whatever is written in the description is very vague and it's right fully vaque because it's all depending on the project availability and Deloitte what does the client want. So that's the first point I told you can't be like I'm a developer I will not do QA because if the business needs you to be a QA can you be a OA? If you cannot how can you be a consultant who's going to solve the problem? You can be like this is not my problem statement, I will not solve it. You can't say that right? So that's one huge thing for a business technology analyst. So skills if I had to talk about skills that way I would tell you should be a problem solver. You should be a go getter all soft skills right? You should be able to learn things, adapt quickly, interact with clients, make good PPTD. All these basic skills are the biggest skills over here because the other technical skills which we've talked about over here they come from the project So if you were hired into a project for development but if you're a business technology analyst there you might have to solve a problem using your development but you still have to solve the problem. If you cannot solve the problem there's no point of being a developer in that they will not take you. That's why the first screening round had them ank you that there's an problem case scenario and how would you go about it. So what I do personally over here is I work same as a business technology analyst for me is I stay in between business and tech originally. So I was hired as a QA. I moved in from QA to product. So for example now when I'm saying 1 moved from QA to product that doesn't mean my title changes. So here title is very what it's called I would say it's very linear. It doesn't have like how startups have. So even if you're a BTA and Lt you're a DA let's say Satak is a product manager but he'll still be called a BTA and if I'm a developer I'll also still be called a RTA. It doesn't matter okay it someone who's QA or someone who's into cyber sec they'll also be still called a BTA. So under RTA what do you do is based on your resume and your skill set and what was the opening in Deloitte or what was the problem statement Deloitte was trying to solve. That's you. So for me I'm currently working the product side and my dream structure is basically we work agile. So there's the client, there's product managers, there are business analysts. They work only in the business 30 they are on the client side. There's business technology analysts that's from the Deloitte side. That's we who go to the tech as well as the business. So we have like thone pillars right it's very cross-functional linear everything mixed together because you need to just solve the problem. As long as you solve the problem they don't care what your nomenclature is it doesn't matter. So what I do is maybe I get a problem statement or help I interact with the client understand problem statement than 1 interact with the business analyst and understand why they came up with that solution then take that solution go to the developers and ask them can you actually do this and how are we going to go about it. So it's a lot of meetings my day goes in a lot of meetings and 1 a lot of CA too so that that's that's the essence from where I come from 30 1 da a Int of O understanding what are the effects of the product racing and how we could improve the product what if the client doesn't want this and again interact with the client and ask them
do you think this is okay. So on a day-to-day basis that's what I would do and that's how the team structure works pretty much in all the projects I'd say but again it depends on what client wants if the client wants an agile structure you follow an agile structure if the client wants a very linear structure you follow if they want cross you follow cross function so you have to be adaptive you can't stick to one thing and a typical project say last from at least six months to eight months but I've seen projects that last only three months and then you would again put another project that's a different problem statement again be flexible for the company and understand that they are trying their best to put in the same project an you want but if there is no problem they cannot they cannot just let you sit there so they put you to problem statement where they feel you might be useful so that's how it works over here the roles and team structures yeah makes sense and so to be put in simple terms they have kept the structure very simple you're a business technology analyst at the end of the day but that does not define what kind of work you will do or what kind of actual things that you might be related to so you would be a ga or developer or a product manager or any other job you might be doing but title would be name on at least on paper right how how are like how are things working for you at an consulting space and works environment like how are the team working at consults consulting space can you shed some light on that as well okay tean culture I would say at least my team I see I'm going to talk maybe for my team and a couple of things that! am aware of no team culture they're they're not micro there's no micro management going to happen in Deloitte there is no punch in punch panch out time these are the two questions I get asked the most from my juniors so you don't have to punch in at eight you don't have to punch out at them but respect that sort of freedom given to you and work for the couple of nine hours let's say you charging the client right so when you're charging the client respect their money and just work for you are being paid for that but there is no punch no one's going to check on you did you actually work nine hours a month an an freshers 1 think this is one thing I used to always think that work will not matter for the business 7 thought I should I will just do research work and have to give the data no even a small mistake I do would create a huge impact for the client and it could be a good impact or a bad impact so it depends right so every like how Deloitte has their own statement like impact that matters and I didn't I thought it was just a statement but it was so teun because there are a couple of mistakes which did which actually did an impact and there are a couple of good things which I did which actually increased the revenue of the company and they will reward you for everything okay then if you're a bta that's the lowest that's where you start because you're just a college graduate then you have analysts they're they're just from associate they'll make you a normal analyst or they might make you a senior one depending if you have an MBA and all those things consideration then you have consultants you have senior consultants then you have managers then you have directors and it goes like that but here promotions do not work like how they work in startup what I mean is you in a startup like I have had experiences even if I do really good for six to seven months they'll actually promote you because they know you're deserving to go to the next level but here you need to have that for example one and a half year of experience so one year of experience which is defined by the company which is the bare minimum you can be the best you still have to complete the bare minimum and they do have a rightful explanation for that because once you move ahead right you have new team joining in under you so you need to have it managerial capacity you need to have the problem solving within the team capacity which comes only to experience you don't get it just because you're good technically you that doesn't mean you'll be good at managing a team so they have an actual explanation for that which I know is saddening for most of us because we just want to climb up the ladders tant but exactly it is worth the wait another thing I would like to mention is the flexibility in all aspects for example now if you want to move from one project to another project I get this question if I was hired as a QA and I want to move into development how fast can I do that it's it requires one year guys it think practically you have been hired for a position which you agreed upon right how you cannot demand for something else without even finishing that one term or at least till the project gets completed you there are there are times where they do that but I think it's respectfully right for us to ask for it so until unless you can always mention it to your coach there there is there are a lot of people who are not even going to be in your team who are going to be above separate from a team who's going to help you with the journey wo have coaches we have resource managers so coach is that person who will always keep in touch with you and ask you how are you doing like literally like genuinely how are you doing and how in the project do you really like the project do is that are you growing in the project you see these are the questions that you don't get asked a lot in other companies performance reviews almost every month and you have connecting with your teammates the teammates give you criticism and that's very good criticism and how you can improve so that you can move up the ladder you never sudden it's not like promotion day comes and you're not promoted and you don't know why it's never going to be that way because every month you were informed about it so everything is going to be informed and very clear nothing is going to go behind your back and nothing is going to happen over there and if you want to move from one project to the other project there are separate separate people who will be assigned to every single individual and delight for that so that's a huge thing right; if you want to move from one project to the other and you have a person just for that they'11 help you out with that so that that's one great thing i feel in the teams because they they do have the confidence that they have given you the right work they do the confidence that you are in the right team and you're loving your work that's why you're not moving an everyone would be moving around every five to ten days so that's one great team thing which i'm talking as a team over here: as the deloitte the deloitte the city so that's one good thing i think yeah yeah 1 think a great company and then the fact that you highlighted that every promotion is tied to certain tenure that you have to complete and make sense that they have justified everything that they do things work at deloitte how the consulting space works and how deloitte is doing nome amazing work out there for their employees and making a mark in the in the in the space thanks for your time and for sharing all those things and i hope the audience will be able to get a lot of information get to know all of these things that will be helpful you have answered all of these queries that at least i had in my mind so thank you so much for that yeah thank you so much for having here guys any questions please feel free to head out to linkedin and reach me out over there i can ask satak to maybe tag me down here but um one thing guys unknow there's very less information about interview prep on consulting or anything related to consulting and best and i quens consulting is a really great place a really good name and deloitte is one of the beat companies i teel to work for no yeah thank you so much satak again yeah thanks for sharing that and for the audience listening keep hustling as mignal mentioned that you have to try your best and for all the queries that you might have you want to connect i will put her linkedin link in the description box below you can check that out any other queries or comments that you want to highlight you can mention the comment box below no thanks again thanks for sharing those atories and i will see you in the next video till then take care bye bye so talks with this we come to the end of part two of this video with mignal i hope you liked the video if you have really enjoyed this video press the like button so hit the subscribe button near that and you will get more more of my awesome videos and also press the bell icon near that so that you get a notification time i put a new video and please share this video among your peers among your friends as much as possible and if you have any questions you can mention in the comment section below if you have a new request for a video or you want me to bring someone as a quest, please mention In the comment section below i will try to do that and till then take care i will see you in the next video bye.